ID: CSPANDT239202069
Title: President Trump Delivers Remarks on Bay of Pigs Remembrance
Date: 2020-09-23

Ladies and gentlemen , the Preside nt of the United Stat es. No ! Mhm. Wel l, thank you very much , ple ase. Thank you very much. And I' m delighted to welcome you to the White House as we honor t he Cuban American veteran s of the Bay of Pigs i nvasion. Brav e peo ple, great people. I was honored to rec eive the endorsement of the Bay of Pig s Veterans Associa tion in 2016 and they gave me a beautiful award, a nd I hav e it very proudly on a wal l of great importanc e to me. A nd I just und erstood that once ag ain, I've receiv ed your official endorsement and support , and I very m uch thank you for tha t. Thank you all ve ry much. Tha t's a grea t honor. E. Today we re affirm our ironclad s olidarity wi th the Cuban people and our eterna l conviction th at free dom will prevail over the sin ister forces o f commun ism and evil of many d ifferent forms. 60 years ago, the Cuban Patr iots for med Regret Gate 25 06 in a daring effort to lib erate their homeland from the Commu nist Castro regim e. Today we declare Ame rica's unw avering co mmitment to a fr ee Cuba. And you w ill have that yo u will have th at very soon. W e're glad to be joined they will have i t. Mike want t heir? It's happening very fas t. Actually, we're glad to be joined by Vic e president Mi ke Pence. And you kno w what I'd like to dio. I' d like to have my co me up sa y a few words. He's very muc h wedded to what you are bel ievers in. He believes in Cuba, and he believes in a lot of help for you. So, uh, Mike, please come up and say a few words, However. Thank you, Mr President. It's privileged to j oin you today amo ng so many h er oes. 2 3 heroic veterans of B rigade 25 06 As you said, Mr Preside nt, April 1961 with America n Support Br igade 25 06 landed o n the beaches along the Bay of Pig s, vastly outnumbered by Cas tro' s socialist fo rces, 1200 were ca ptured. America secu re d the release of nearly all of the prisone rs 20 months later, but t he last p risoner was not rele ased unt il 1986 and upo n his arrival in Miami his tory rec ords that h e said, I am grateful to b e in the l and of freedom. Yea h, this fall, Mr President , you'll als o mark 4 0 years sinc e the concl usion of the Mariel boat lift when 1 25,000 Cubans fled socialism for f reedom her e in America. An d I'm proud to stand with you, Mr Presid ent, becaus e President Donald Trump believes th is is a hemisphere of freedom. An d we will alw ays stand for freedom. Yeah, this Pre si dent, you 've taken strong action to stan d for freedom in Cuba, Ve nezuela, in Ni caragua, On toda y, with the new sanctio ns that you'll be announc ing at th is ev ent, you will confirm that in this White House it will always be que Viva Cuba Libre raid. Thank you, Mr President. Yea h, Th ank you very much, Mich ael. We appreciat e i t, and it's great. And I know that all of the great p eople that I ju st met that love Cuba so much. I appreci ate your help very much. They so stat ed and tha nk you as well to Depu ty Secretary o f Sta te Stephen Be gun. Thank y ou very much. G reat. Jac k. Co ngratulations. Ambassado r to th e Orga nization of American States, Carlos Trujillo and a friend of mine. A gr eat gentleman just recovered fr om Ivory. Serious about, but he is s trong. There's noth ing g oing to ta ke hi m d own. Marry O h Diaz Balart, Str ike America. So great job was gre at. And I know yo u're 100 0% and you did it fast . You're strong. You're very st rong. Merrier. Antho ny Gonzalez, great footba ll pla yer, by the way. Grea t great football player away through the NFL. That's great. And we got O hio State going. We have the whole Big 10. We g ot that done, d idn't we, A nthony? And you helped, and I apprecia te it. Thank y ou very much. And Alex Mooney, Alex . Thank you , E. I also want to rec ognize Mauricio C laver Carone, who has just been elected as the fi rst American t o l ead the Inter American Devel opment Bank. Tha t's big stuff. He's b een my friend and he agree s with what I e. Hey would get up. And when I ta lked about Venezuela, it w as much different t han the so called experts. You kno w, the expert s that have been talking abo ut it for 20 years and not hing happens. And when I talked about Cuba much different and my friend, we g et up and say, you know, the on ly one that's been right about t his for two years a s President Trump. H ence he's heading. There's a big bank now. I t's amazing. S o if you say nice things a bout the pr esident, tha t's what happens. Bu t congra tulat ions , you de serve it. you' re gonna b e fantas tic. Thank you very much. This mi lestone u nderscores or historic partnerships acr oss Latin America. On April 17th , 1961 the 1400 Cuban exi les off Brig ade 25 06 land ed at the Bay o f Picks. They we re met by f ierce airstrike s by heavy fi re, very, very heavy and 20,000 soldiers from t he Cast ro regime. Thes brave warrio rs fought t hree gruel ing days . The brut al Castro regime impr isoned them for 20 month s until the Uni ted St ates negoti ated their release. Today we're prof oundly honor ed by the ir pre sence. We're joined by thes e 20 inc redible Veterans Bri gade 25 06 and their famil ies. Could I ask yo u to stand please? B ecause that's a fter That's rea lly good. You're loo king good, too. Looking g ood. Oh, that's grea t. Good looking pe ople in Cuba. That's a goo d looking group. I apprecia te you being here. This is treme ndous. It's an hon or. You've bee n honoring me for four years, and now I'm honoring you, and that's a nice way to do it. Wel l, thank you very much. Now we re ally appreciate it. We wi ll honor your courage with my administration' s dete rmination to defea t communism and so cialism. And we will do that in our own cou ntry t o. We're in the process of doin g it right now. And i t has stepp ed, in my opinio n, beyond the word soci alism, and we are mee ting it with gre at force. M y administration stands with ev ery c itizen of Cub a, Nic aragua and Venezu ela in their fight f or libert y. And we work for the day when this will be come a fully free h emisphere and i t w ill be for the first time in human his tory, a f ully free hemisphere. And we will have it . We will hav e it. And it's g onn a happ en. Gonna hap pen soo ner rather than later. A lot of things were go ing on . A lot of thi ngs are going on right now that I can't tell you about , but I wi ll be soon. The Obam a Biden admini stration made a weak, pat hetic, one sided de al with the Castro dictatorship that betrayed the Cuban peopl e and en rich the Communist regime . I canceled the Obam a Bide n sell out to th e Castro regime. I'm g onna hold it. W e will not lift sanc tions un til all politica l pr isoners are freed. Fr eedoms o f assemb ly and expression or respected. Al l political parties a re legalized an d free elections are schedu led. They wil l have to g o through a lot, but thing s were h appening and it's ver y int eres ting to see the lev el at which th ey're ha ppening. Ea rlier this yea r, we also de manded the relea se of human r ights activ ists Jose Daniel Ferrer and t hank goodne ss today is part of our continuing fig ht agai nst Commun ist dep ression. I am an nounci ng that the T reasury Depa rtm ent will p ro hibit US travelers from staying at pr opertie s owned by the C uban government. We're also further r estricting the importati on of C uban alcohol and Cuban tob acco. These a ctions will ensure th at U. S. Dollars do n ot fund the Cuba n regime and go dire ctly to the Cuban people. Big difference. Big differenc e, really. We're also imposing s trict sancti ons on th e Dictato rships of Nicaragua and Venezuela. We brought criminal charges against Maduro fo r his na rco terroris m. The cour ageous v eterans h ere tod ay b ear witness to how socialism radical mobs and violent Communis ts ruin a nation. Now the Democrat Party i s unleashing sociali sm right within our o wn beautiful country. To day we proclai med that America will n ever be a social ist or com munist country, and I'm gonna add that way the first time I've ev er sai d that I 've never added the other word, but I think it' s appropriate, Mike, wh en you look at what the k ind of ideology were also facing. When you s ee the rid ers, looters, an archists and then yo u see the press, th e media play right into their hands. It's so sad to s ee the media the w ay they'r e being us ed. The med ia is b eing used like fools. They 're b eing used, and it' s very sad to wa tch, but we will preva il. It's first time I've sai d that socialism and communism we did not fight ty ranny abroad. O nley toe. Let Marxist destroy o ur beloved country. Together we will defend our freedo m in our American way o f li fe, and we will defend it s trongly and successfully as we've been doing. And as we celeb rate Hispanic Heri tage Month, we give than ks to the cou ntless wa ys that Hi spanic Americans uplift and ins pire our nation. They've been so g ood to me, and I must tell you tha t the big story i s the poll numbers. Trump has gone through the roof with the poll numb ers from Hispanics. They're all talking about it. I just watch so mething and re ad a couple of articles and they don't know what's hap pening. I guess they did n't know I love you, but I do . They're incredibl e people, incredi ble people. They knew it, but they 're all shocked has i t been a tim e when something like this h as happened? Nea rly 60 0 Hispan ic A mericans s ervas police offic ers More than 300,000 His panic Americans serve in the m ilitary. Over half of the Border Pa trol agents are Hispa nic, and they'r e incredible . I've gotten to know so many of them. They're in credib le. More than th re e million Hispanic owned small busin esses provide job s for millions o f Amer icans. They're fabulous business people. Hi span ic Americans t each their Child ren to love our cou ntry, honor our history and res pect our great A merican flag. Hispan ic Americans embody the American drea m, and my administ ration is delivering f or you that American dream like nobody has ever delivered for the Hi spanic Americans and hopefully for everybody else. We implemented t he historic tax cuts, regulation cuts, and I rece ntly created t he Hispanic Pr osperity Initiat ive to expand economic op portuni ty. Before the Chi na virus, we achiev ed the low est Hispanic American u nemployment rate ever recorded in our in our country. I m ean, like, it's not ev en close . Last year, Hi spanic American pove rty reached an all time low. We built the greatest economy i n history and now we're d oing it again. We closed it up. We saved millions a nd millions of lives. And now we opened it up and you've been hearing about the V. We have a V. We may have a super V and it's c oming back fast. We 're gonna have a ver y good third quarter that will be a nnounced just prior t o the election. So I 'm putti ng myself at ris k when I sa y that, because if it's not good, you can imagine they'll be playing what I just said. The y won't say that I' m here representing the Hi spanic Americans or Cuban s or an ything el se is just sa y, Look what he said. But I'm w illing to take th at chance. We're gonna have a great third qu arter and next year is going to be one o f the greatest economic yea rs we've eve r had. We feel very confident ba sed on everything we In the last four months, 3.3 million Hispan ic Americans we re hir ed to fill new job s, a record. I've ta ken bold action to de fend the ri ght t o religious liberty and the right to life. We're protecting school choice for over one million Hispanic American students. Such a big deal in the second term. I will provide school choice to every family in America. We want every American to have a limitless future here with us today is Bay of Pigs veteran Umberto Cortina Prison set up. Come on. Who founded a small business in Miami and was elected to the Florida State House? Umberto, say a few words. Good. Please be careful. I don't want you falling on day. You'll never You'll never be the same if you, you know, You know, if you fall, they'll never let you forget. No matter how good your speech. Uh, birth, no matter how good your speech, it won't matter, right? Please don't have a thank you, Mr. President, On behalf of the, uh , freedom fighte rs of the brig ade 2 5 0 6 For the oppor tunity of being here w ith yo u today, I wa s wounded during the B ay of Pig s invasion. As a result, the bullets got the psychot ic nerve on bot h of my legs and I was not able to wa lk for two yea rs. When I returned from Castro's p rison, I joined the Unite d St ates Army with the pr esident ial officer appointment . I felt very honore d, very honored to se rve in the armed forces off ou r great country. And I al ways believed that even th oug h we lost t hat battl e, the war ag ainst soc iali sm and communi sm continues now , as it d id th en, after m y service in the U S Army, I g raduated from t he University of Florida. I'm a ga tor, Mr President. I'm a Gato r. I'm a G ator, all right. And for five years, I worked as the regional director later, I don't remem ber it. And w hat I learned th ere wa s a good a nd strong leader ship means. And as a small b usinessma n for 20 yea rs, I appreciate the opportunities that th is count ry extends to everyone who put the t ime and efforts t o achieve the Ameri can dream rega rdl ess off whe re you come fro m . And as a father and gran dfather I app rec iate your leadershi p, Mr P resident, and you r vision for the f uture. And I lo ok forward t o your presidency for the n ext four years. Thank you v ery m uch. So thank you. Th ank you. In Brescia. Very much. Okay. Thank you. Tha nks. That's great. Tha nk you very much. Roberto. Maria, w ould you please come up and say a couple of words, please? Thank you. Thank you, and for freedom an d opportuni ty in the United Stat es. Thank you for invi ting these heroes. And, Mr Pr esident, the cause of ou r free Cu ba, the cause of the free Venezuela of a free N icaragua of a free hemisphere ha s nev er had a stronge r ally, a stronger le ader than thi s, President. Thank y ou, M r Preside nt. Thank you. Yeah, th ank you very much. It' s my hon or. And it's my honor. Thank you. Al so with us today is Colonel Johnny Lopez de la Cruz. I lov e that name. President of the Bay of Pigs Vete ran s Association. I t was so nice to me four years a go who we nt on t o serve for 27 years and the United States military. Johnny, please come up, please. Okay. What an order . Yea h, Mr. Preside nt, on be half of the members and fam ilies of the bri ga de 25 0 6 I would like to e xpress our gr atitude for th e invitation to join you at t he White House . Qui te an honor. Today we are cele brating the fre edoms that we hav e and wan t to pr eserve. We're here beca use we share yo ur commitme nt to conservative pri nciples, in dividual f reedom, t he rule of law and r acial equali ty. We particu larly value your support for ou r troops and v eterans and the res torat ion of the mili tary migh t of this nation whil e brokering pea ce agreement and avoiding c onflict and end th is war. You have kept your prom ises. You are supporting fre edom and human righ ts in this hem isphere while appl ying severe sa nctions sa nction s to the regimes of C ub a, Venezuel a and Nicaragua. On we ur ge you t o conti nue these polic ies on t he e fforts to rea d the world off thi s Communist c orrupt narco terror ist regi mes. Cuba mu st again be free. Afte r 60 years of comm unism, people are s ufferi ng in there as well as in Venezuela and Nicarag ua. Mr. President, thank you from the bottom of our heart for thi s e xpl ain did an emotional recognit ion that you have vested on the veterans of the Bay of Pigs Invasion Brigade 25 06 God bless you. And God bless America. Thank you very much. Reliabl e Strik er. Yeah, thank you very much . Gr eat job. The veterans we honor today are a powerf ul testament to all that a free people can achieve. In the past six decades, you have built st rong families , thriving businesse s and vibrant com munities. Today we t hank God for the blessings we share a citizens of the greatest country on earth. And we hope, pray and wo rk for the day when the people of Cuba ca n finally reclaim t heir glorious des tiny. It will happen soon. Thank y ou. And God bless America. Thank yo u very muc h. You kno w, yo u know, there's gonn a talk my m y life. So h ere, just Yeah. I mean, we are valid. Interesting. You are here, e. We want to go out. E All right.