ID: CSPANDT31102020104
Title: President Trump Holds Rally in Reading, Pennsylvania
Date: 2020-10-31

Wow, there's a big crowd. There's a very big yeah, look at all those cameras over there. Can you show the crowd? You know, Could you show this crib? They never talk about our crowd and in reverse. They never talked about Sleepy Joe's crowd either. It's about 12 12. People just showed up. 12. Look at the scrap. Maybe you could take those cameras that just show over there and over there. This is Hello, Pennsylvania. Hello, Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania. Great education. And also hello reading. Wait three days from now, we're going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on. We are going to win form or great years in the White House I will tell you they're getting a little nervous back there. You know, the faked is because Florida is looking very strong Florida. And this is not suppression Post. He's like, you know, voters coming in Florida is looking very good. North Carolina is looking very good. Ohio is looking beyond good. Ohio. You ever hear you can't win unless you win the great state of Ohio? Did you ever hear that? Well, Ohio is looking real good. They're all looking good. You know what's looking good? Pennsylvania's looking good. Really good. That great red wave is going to be very beautiful to watch. We're looking good on. If we win Pennsylvania, it's over. It's over. It's over. But be careful. You got big tech. You have the Democrats and they play dirty. You have the rhinos, the rhinos. They're not good people. You got them all. But we're here and you have your second amendment. You have your tax cuts, have your regulation cuts. You have your fracking. You have your fracking. Uh how about Joe? He goes for ah year. There will be no fracking. There will be No I tell you, there will be no fracking. Comes to Pennsylvania. Listen, we have a million jobs for frac it. We like $2 gasoline, you know. It's nice, isn't it? We got a lot of things in for. Well, in that case, let me just change my aunt. He never even gets asked about it by the fake news. Can you believe it? With your support, we will continue to bring back your jobs, cut your taxes, cut your regulations and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful term made in the Yusa on next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. You see, it's already going. You saw what happened. You saw those numbers come out. You have to look very closely. A man got on television yesterday said this is probably the greatest economic day in the history of our country, and the papers barely even put it in. It's called suppression. Suppression. Joe Biden will shut down your economy. Well, you're already shut down in Pennsylvania. Hey, Governor, you gotta open up. You gotta open up the state governor. Gotta open it up and don't cheat in the ballots. Governor, Don't cheat. Don't cheat. We're gonna win we're gonna win. The only way we could lose the state and the numbers. Aaron, you see what's going on? Right? Somebody's gonna play games and they just got an extension. What's the extension all about? Would you like to hear November 3rd? We win, We lose, We win, we lose. Whatever. November 3rd. Now you have more time. More time on what's going on. I was a very disappointing opinion, but I've had many disappointing opinions from the Supreme Court. I will tell you many, many disappointing opinions from the Supreme Court they talk about. We control the supreme where we don't control the Supreme Court. That was a terrible decision. Joe Biden will shut down your economy, wipe out your factories and shut down your state ship your jobs to China. Raise your taxes. $4 trillion. The biggest tax increase, the biggest tax increase in the history of our country. And I gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our He'll eliminate your private health care. 180 million people have the best health care. They work so hard. And they negotiated with many great companies and have the best health care. They want to knock it out. They want you to live on socialized medicine. I don't think you'll be too happy. Darling, I have a call. Don't go to the hospital room. You'll wait on line for about four days. That'll be nice. And send your state into a deep and catastrophic depression. And, you know, if you look at the stock market, we've done great. The only headwind in the stock market. You know it's an election. Things can happen. We're doing great much better than anyone understands. They they're starting to get very depressed. You talk about a depressed, they get it having a hard time. They're having a hard time with it. But you know what? There's a headwind. You know what? The head windows? That there's a possibility of Biden wins. You're gonna have a stock market collapse, the likes of which you've never had. You will have a collapse. So that's our hedwin. If we win, if we win on Tuesday or thank you very much. Supreme Court shortly thereafter. If we win, let me tell you, if we win, you're going to see a stock market. That's going to go like a rocket ship. 401 k is your 401 k fact? Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, boy. Yeah. This is a very enthusiastic group. Isn't great. Wow. This'll doesn't seem like someone who is going to come in second. Do you agree? No, thanks. Did you see Biden and Obama before they make you think? Hong Kong, Hong, Hong Kong. And actually, most of them are our supporters trying to cause a little havoc. But that's it. We don't want that by this. Vowed to abolish the entire U. S. Oil industry. No more fracking, no mining, no heating, no clean call and gas prices going up 56 and $7 a gallon. So when you pull in with your car, you say, You know, darling, I think we're gonna sell this beautiful. There's beautiful SUV. Let's get a compact to remember the compacts. The gas is too expensive. What has this guy Biden done? And the bad part is that Biden doesn't have a clue. He's gone, Zo. We all know it. They just don't want to say it. Biden's planned. I don't think he likes me too much. is an economic death sentence for this great commonwealth. It's a death sentence. He'll eradicate your economy. Kamala Harris. Yeah, beer of Kamala. You have to produce. She makes Bernie Sanders look like a strict conservative, you know. No, Bernie is a conservative member compared to her, I mean, how that choice was made. And did our great vice president win that debate easily? That was a big one. Mike is doing a great job. The most liberal senator even sponsored the green New Deal. $100 trillion. You know, it started off with 100 trillion than 106. Now they have it down to six trillion. No, it's not six trillion, and by the way of it, Waas. He couldn't afford it. But you can't afford 100. A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to ban. And you know there's banned fracking band mining. Close up your individual plans. They got plants all over the place. I grew up here. They have plants all over. When I say grew up, let me be exactly during college because they'll say he must represented. He said he grew up, but he you know Biden represents, right? This is my home. That is home. They left. They abandoned you wasn't his fault. He was nine years old or something, but not his fault. But it's not like, you know, he's a big Pennsylvania. I know he's a Delaware guy in Delaware is a good place. In fact, it's really good. He likes it so much, he never leaves. He never He made the mistake. He came to Pennsylvania three days ago because I was here. I was doing three of them, right? Three in Pennsylvania. Hey, I'm devoting a lot of my percentage of time to Pennsylvania. Would you must, like, way win, Pennsylvania. We're gonna win Florida. If we win Pennsylvania, it's over. Let's do it. I felt very badly. I felt guilty because if you remember four years ago, we were at 98% of the vote. If I lost every single vote, you know there were X number of votes left. If I lost every single vote, every vote, every take them all, I still win. They refused to call it. They refused. They wouldn't call it. I said, Wait a minute. They have to call it because I was at 98 99. I was 98. It stood there, like for an hour and a half, and I kept saying that would be nice, Pennsylvania. That would be nice to refuse. And then they said, Donald Trump has won the state of Wisconsin and then they said, Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan and we won and then like much later, they just refused to give you the credit. So let's turn it around on them, Okay? They didn't treat you well. Now I kept waiting. I said, Look at Pennsylvania. Why aren't they going to call it why? They waited for hours and hours, I said, I'll concede every vote. I'll concede everyone away win. They wouldn't do that right, But we wanted. And we want it pretty easily. You know, I think we wanted pretty easily and what I've done from the time we won and what I've done since what we've done for this state has been incredible or to be perfectly accurate for this commonwealth. But what we've done for Pennsylvania has been incredible. You had the best year you've ever had last year, and you're heading to the best year you've ever had, period, and it's gonna be this coming here, but Biden would completely destroy Pennsylvania. Vote for me is a vote to remain energy independent. Do you believe that we can say, uh, did you ever think you're going to hear those beautiful words were energy independent? Our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded. That was what was announced yesterday. The only problem is, you know, so a very, very brilliant gentleman called me up. Not a nice man at all. In fact, he's ruthless and vicious. I love that guy with the beard back there. He goes to a number of thank you. He's so distinguished. He's so distinguished. I see him in so many rallies. I appreciate it. I think he's great. He's going four more years. That is good. But you know what? He got up and he said, Very smart, very successful. Guy said, You know, this could be the biggest announcement in 50 years, 33.1% GDP. That's growth, he said. You know, the last time it broke the record, it's the number one in history of the history of our country, and I probably the history of any country. If you want to know the truth. 33.1% which is far greater than people were anticipating anybody. So what happens and said, This is the biggest announcement, but you watch. They won't give you any credit. They'll try not to mention is true. The press is playing it down so much. Just like for different reasons. They refuse to talk. They refuse to talk about Where's Hunter? They refuse to talk about the corruption in Biden's family. We've learned more about the, uh, fake news, but, you know, this is not This is no longer fake news. This is now corrupted news. This is now corrupted. We've learned a lot, but we had the greatest number we've ever had. Yeah, I thought I heard that from moment. Seattle participated this because look at all the cameras back there looking tomorrow. You know what they're gonna do? He's trying to incite them. No, I don't have to. Inside them. They're like intelligent people. They know they know that when you get thrown out of the military and you have no job for a long time, and then your father becomes vice president and then you get $183,000 right, Ah, $183,000 to sit on the board. Probably never went to a board, made it and supposedly three million up front. And then the mayor of Moscow's wife gives you a check for 3.5 million. And then and then you go on Air Force two and you go to a very nice place known as China that should have never, ever done what they did. They should have never done. We just signed a great trade deal and the ink wasn't dry and the plague came in. They should have. They could have stopped it. But they go to China. Father and son goes to China, and he walks out with $1.5 billion to manage, which is millions of dollars a year. And then he goes to the big play. 10 year. You saw that one? He wants 10 year. This guy didn't have a job. Ah, year before goes to China. We want 10 year for introductory. In other words, he'll introduce people to his father and then you see his father, The big guy, the big guy. They call me not a big guy. Is that every guy bomb tomb? He's not a big go. Do you remember? Like, a year ago? Year and a half ago? I said I'd like to take him to the back of the barn. Well, for you. A slight slap. You don't have to close. You didn't close it. Now they said he's inciting violence. No. No, But when Biden I thought it was a terrible They remember that. He actually I want to take him to the back of the barn. They didn't say anything If I said that, they say this is a terrible human being, right? It's all right. You know what? In the meantime, we have the White House, right? We have the white way, have the presidency. We have fracking, we have energy. We have manufacturing that they totally gave up. Remember, you'd need a magic wand. In the past five months, we've created a record 11.4 million American jobs has never been that many jobs produced in that short period of time. While foreign nations air in a free fall and they are unfortunately, I feel badly for them, But they are. We are creating the world's greatest economic powerhouse. We're going to be more powerful than ever before. We had to stop. We had a close. We have We saved two million lives. Remember that. You know they don't want to talk about that. The model was 2.2 million. That's what they said. We saved two million lines. We close it up. How would you like to be me? I'm sitting there. We have the greatest economy in the history of this country. In the history of the world. We were. We were doing so much better than China was throwing tariffs on them. They were paying us billion dollars. I gave $28 billion to farmers because they were targeted by China, Iowa and Nebraska. They'll remember they'll remember. I gave him 28 28 billion with a B farmers, farmers and ranchers because they were targeted by China because they thought China thought they could use the farmers to get the deal that they want. Because I said, I'm not gonna let you rip off the United States. You've done it long enough for years and years, and I'm not just talking about Obama. I'm talking about other presidents. Do they allowed this to happen? They allowed this to happen. So we gave our farmers 28 billion. That's not at all from China. Said please write a letter. Say thank you very much. President Xi. A recent Gallup poll found that 56% of Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago under Yeah, think of that. And that story we're rounding the turn. They hate when I say it, you know, we're coming up with the vaccines and therapeutics air. Incredible. Here I am. I mean, you know, I'm sure it would have been here without the therapeutic, because you could say I'm in perfect physical shape and I'm extremely young, So I'm young and I'm a perfect physical specimen Power. Uhh! No, I'm sure I could have beat it without, but something happened. When I took that sucker and I was gone, it was gone. I woke up the next morning and I ripped off my shirt. I said, Doctor, let me the hell out of on. I was campaigning like very sure. The other side were they happy? Were they happy? But you know what? When you're president of the United States, you can't lock yourself into a basement at the White House. Got to be present. I meet people, right? I can't lock myself into the basement and they have a very good basement. I can't lock myself into a beautiful bedroom and stay there for a year and a half. The president of the United States has locked in the most magnificent bedroom on the third floor of the White House because we have a pandemic and he's afraid to go out. He is your president. No, you got to go out. And the doctor came up to be great doctors. One thing if you're president, you get good doctors. That's the one thing I contend. You get plenty of them do. They got more doctors, but they came up. So you're positive. You just ask the positive. I said, Doctor, tell me something for what? So you have the China plague? He didn't say that. He said Covitz, sir, co vid. You know, it's got about 24 different names. Most of them should start with the word China because that's where it came from. Yeah, they have a word. Corona. Right? The coronavirus. Well, I say, What is this a place in Italy? Sounds like a man island in Italy. Corona. No, I know. It's the China. It's the China virus. That's what it is. But he said, So you just tested positive for co vid? I said, Yeah, that's that. Great. Wait a minute. I got about four campaign stops to make in the next couple of days because we gotta win this. This is the most important election of the history. Guns on then are great. First lady tested positive that z Well, at least those rumors that we don't live together turned out to be false. She lives in a house someplace in Virginia. No, no. She lives with me and she tested. I said, That's the only good thing about her testing positive because But she's strong and knocked it out. But then they said, You know that? They said, Sir Baron, now barons, my 14 year old boy, who is very tall and strong, he's very strong, all right and barren. They said Sir Baron tested positive. I said, Huh, That's not good. About 12 minutes later, I said, How's baron doing, sir? He shed it. No problem. He's fine. Get back to school, Governor. Tell them they have to get back to school. Got to get back. Those young kids, they have that strong. We feel strong. They have that very strong immune system. How is he? He's 100% Baron. Uh, was it bad? I don't think I had anything wrong, Dad. That's one of those things, right? That's the way it is. They're young and they're strong and their immune system is good and they should go back to school immediately. Sleepy Joe Biden is a diehard globalist who spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars in countries that most of you have never even heard of before. They're all coming back to soldiers who are coming back, you know? So no. 19 years. So no. 19 years and there were policemen. They policed areas, but it's, ah, ridiculous what they were doing in this country. Ridiculous. Biden is a Washington vulture. Decimated your steel mills, annihilated your coal jobs, clean coal, and supported every disastrous sellout trade deal for over half a century. I mean, I know it's the reason why I'm president the real thing that bothered me more than anything else. I thought the wars were crazy. I thought so much was bad. But I saw these trade deals we were making with countries both ally and foe, and our allies in many ways treated us worse than the faux. Okay, we were treated horribly on trade, and we were treated horribly on the military. We had to pay for their military. By the way, those days have ended very substantially, you know, very, very substance. Biden was a cheerleader for NAFTA, one of the worst trade deals ever made. Maybe the worst and China's entry into the World Trade Organization. That's where China was flatlined for years and years, and then they went up like a rocket ship. You know, they're considered a developing nation. As a developing nation, they get a much better deal than we do. I said China is not a developing nation or you could let them be. Then we're developing nation. Also, when you think of it, we are developing nation, and then we won $7.5 billion recently We hadn't won anything because the judges within the world trade. The judges treated us with disrespect, but with me, their respective because I'll say we'll pull the hell out of there. We'll pull out on. We won $7.5 billion. All of a sudden we're winning cases. I wish our Supreme Court treated us is well, frankly, that was some decision that was made right. Let's not. Let's not listen to the decision, this most important election in the history of our country. November 3rd, Let's not wait November 3rd, let's extend the date. Let's give people more time to put in ballots, right? Why can't they put their ballots in earlier? So you have plenty of time and so we could have a decision on November 3rd, the evening of November 3rd. And you know what's gonna happen, especially with Pennsylvania Man was on television yesterday. We allow five points for cheating, he said. In Pennsylvania, right? Think of that. What are the best pollsters in the country? The one who got it right four years ago, he said. Trump's gonna win Pennsylvania, but you have to allow five points for cheating. You know, when the cheating is gonna take place from the third toe. Whatever the data's that they gave. No, that's very disappointing. That was a very political decision. I have to say they have not treated me well. Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs to these calamities of sleepy Joe Biden. How do you like his new sunglasses? You liked her. That's so you don't see the bad surgery on the eyes. No, no. Terrible those. They got to get a little. If you're gonna use that guy where the aviation, right. He's got to go at least one or two sizes larger. That don't look. I don't like that. I don't get the silver deal going the whole deal. And he's very angry, right? You never noticed. You know what? The word is? A different. It's agitated. You know why he's agitated, right? Yes, because he's got a problem. We've got a on. You just hope you can keep it going, But it's not gonna go much longer. That's why crazy Nancy was trying to get the 25th Amendment. So if he ever got in, we get him out, and then you have Kamala. That should never be your first woman, but based on the numbers, the way I look at him in Pennsylvania, I don't think we're gonna have to worry about it too much. Okay? And Florida and Ohio and lots of others. North Carolina is looking pretty good. Did you see that? And this is no longer the fake suppression polls. You know, we had a thing. Wisconsin is great, and we want it last time and we had a poll come out. I'm up one. Then I'm down one. Then I'm up one. Then I'm even, You know what? This crazy stuff, but it's, you know, it's within this area. I think we're doing much better than that. You know, I think I think we're way ahead, you know? I mean, I don't know if I should be happy or sad. People say I don't want to talk to you about it. Then they go vote for Trump. You know, when we end up winning by a lot. But that's what happened last time they thought I was gonna lose because everyone walking out the exit polls, they'd walk out who you're voting for. None of your business. Everybody that said none of your business they were trump voters. Remember at five o'clock in the afternoon, they said, Trump lost well. They forgot to say, You know, they have the largest numbers of it's called something else. But I'm trying to be nice because there's so many young people here. It's not. None of your business is a much better where it's two words that they say. But all those votes were votes for May, so they don't count them. So they said, Oh, it looks like it's gonna be a rough time for Trump And they were happy is hell. And then the votes came in. He was. That was a brutal evening for a lot of anchors that were crying. I don't know how this could have happened. Yes, I'm in impartial anchor. I'm an impartial like How did this happen? The tears support at every turn, Biden twisted his knife into the backs of Pennsylvania workers while Biden was giving China your jobs. His family was raking in millions of dollars from China millions and millions of dollars. If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden wins, China will own the U. S. Just remember that, and with me it went just the opposite. I will tell you one thing. I could name many countries that would like me to lose. You know, they said that Germany, that in Germany and I have a heritage with Germany. I mean, they should like me. But they like Obama much better. They should like Obama. There's no way they could like me. I said, Pay up. They don't pay their their delinquent in NATO. They always billions and billions of dollars. Obama never said payoff. I said, You got to pay up. Otherwise we have to take our troops out. And then I hear that they like him better. Well, they should. You know what if they ever liked me better? I'm not doing my job, Okay? When we win, America wins. Or we're gonna have winning like you've never seen before. In 2016 Pennsylvania voted to fire this corrupt political establishment. And you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first. Is that okay, Pennsylvania on You don't have to take my word for it because on Biden's record of economic treachery. And I only do this for places I like a lot. Thank you. Thank you. Well, that was quite interesting. Once a little truth of that. Nah, no can't happen. We can't do that to our country. We can't do that to our country. If I don't sound like a typical Washington politician is because I'm not a politician on. If I don't always play by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you, and I fight harder than any president has ever fought. For the people of this country, One of the most important issues of this election is law and order. You know very well in Pennsylvania. What's going on. Joe Biden and his party have spent the entire year inciting violence and hatred against our great police officers. And remember this. It's all Democrat run cities, radical left, Democrats, Democrats. You look at what's going on. All Democrat run cities. Republicans have no problems. Our cities are doing great, but it's all Democrats. This week, the city of Philadelphia, I know it well was ransacked by violent mobs and Biden supporters. More than 50 great police officers were injured and they weren't allowed to do their job. They were standing. You have great police. I know the police department Everybody has endorsed me. Remember in the debate I said name one law enforcement agency or establishment Joe that endorsed you. Couldn't name one, Couldn't name one. Our opponents stand with rioters. They stand with the anarchists. They stand with the looters. We stand with the heroes of law enforcement. Okay, let them do their job. I'm not just running against sleepy Joe Biden. I'm running against the left wing media, the big tech giants, these people back here and the Washington swamp. I'm also running against some rhinos. We still got some of them left there on mouth to mouth resuscitation. It just about gone. But you don't want him to come back. The rhinos, the runners. They're worse than the angry, angry sicko Democrats, the ones that have gone off the ledge. But you can save your country by voting in record numbers. On Tuesday, you got to get out of, uh, look again. It's the most important election. You got to get out and vote the great red wave we talk about right, great, read way. And you could send a message that they will never forget. This election is a choice between a Biden depression that's what you're gonna have or a trump super boom you're gonna boom, You're gonna boom. We were there. And even now look through all of this, your 401 case that they had a little hiccup because because, look, they think if you had a chance, it's a disaster. You watch. We're gonna win. First of all, the first call, I'm going together. The people, the leaders in Iran. Let's make a deal. Let's make a deal. Uh, China. They're dying to do something. They all wanna talk. I don't want to talk to them. I said, We've got to get in election over with and they have to take the chance. Can you imagine around the worst deal? $150 billion. 1.8 billion in cash. And they said, Let's wait till after the election. I said, I agree with you. It's a choice between a Biden locked down or a safe vaccine that ends the pandemic. And it's ending anyway. It's making the turn anyway, but we have the vaccines. They're coming and they're coming soon. They're coming very, very soon. We're gonna have an incredible economy next year. You know, last year was the best year that the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania has ever had. I could almost say it with every state. I could say it with any state. It was the best year. We had to close it down. We saved all those lives. And now we opened it and I said, Super V right? I actually said V Well, now I can say it's a super V at 33.1, which you won't read about, we will mass distribute the vaccine. In just a few short weeks. We have our military all set up. They do soldiers, greatest military in the world. We've totally rebuilt our military in 3.5 years. The pandemic will quickly be eradicated and wipe out. The China played well. Get rid of it once and for all. We're gonna get rid of it. Look at what's happening in Europe. How bad that is that so terrible. And they'd always say, Look at Europe, Look at Europe. Well, they're not doing too well. And if you look at our numbers, our numbers air so incredible in our economy went down much less, and it's come back much, much faster. Biden opposed to China travel ban he opposed to Europe. Travel Ban. I closed it very early, and he said I shouldn't do it. Think of this. He shouldn't do it. He xenophobic. I think he called me a racist, which I don't like. Look, he shouldn't do it. He xenophobic, He xenophobic. He was saying this two months later. Now he runs. He said I should have closed it sooner. This guy between the fracking and the band and everything else and he wants to delay the vaccine and impose a years long locked down? Nope. You're gonna open up, get open up. We know the disease. We're gonna have all of the different things, including the therapeutics, which I think might be a cure because something happened to me. I'll tell you what. Something happened. It might be a cure, but the theory they call it therapeutics. But what we've done and what we've done in terms of mortality rates are incredible. And we're going to go over that. The Biden lock down will result in the deaths of Americans from suicide drug overdoses, deferred medical care abuse. I mean, you can't do this. You gotta open them up. The families after the families can't live like this any longer. You can't live like this any. We wanna open up our country now. Part of the reason they're doing it a big part probably is political. They want to keep it closed. New York What's going on with my beautiful New York? I left I left 3.5 years ago. And what's happened to New York in terms of crime and all of the problems? It's like a ghost town. What's happened to our great New York? Chicago? What's happened to Chicago? Portland. Look at that. We could solve Portland. They're anarchists. We love the anarchist because we could knock them out in about 20 minutes. Okay, All the governor has to do called Governor called. I've been saying to her call Governor, just call. Speak to him all the time. We'll come in. We'll take care of the problem. We were going into Seattle. We inform them we're going in. We're just going in. They took over a part of Seattle. Can you believe this? They took This is the radical left. They took over a part. We said we're going in. You know what happened the night before? they held up their hands. They said, We're leaving now. Thank you very much. We had no choice by do well in prison, your people, your families in your house while letting writers roam free and loot your streets and loot your store. Under Biden, there will be no school, no graduations, no weddings, no Thanksgiving, no Christmas, no Easter, no Fourth of July. There will be no future for our country. Other than that, he's going to do a great job. Guy's a total disaster. Everything he's touched has been bad. He's a disaster. BYD will trap you in an endless nightmare of deadly lockdowns and laughs. He wants to lock down. You know, the virus is coming back a little bit. Uh, let's close up our country now. Can't do that. We understand that. We understand we have to protect your elderly. We know exactly what to do. I'm delivering the Great American Comeback. There's gonna be one of the greatest comebacks of all time. And the numbers air far better than we thought. The numbers. You heard the numbers 33.1 and again they don't talk about it. If this were Obama, if they would say 33.1. He's the greatest president all. He's so great. He's so great. He gave us 142 federal judges to fill. If I were in his, if I were a radical left or a liberal and a president left office and gave 142 federal judgeships, including Court of Appeals for Donald Trump to fill, who has Avery different philosophy, you're no longer a good president. Nobody mentions that, but we're gonna have by the time the end of our first time, just the first time. 300 approximately 300 federal judgeships and three Supreme Court justices. And Amy. Everybody loves a B. She just got onto the quarter. Things got on. Think of that three Supreme Court justices and think of that 300. But I say thank you, President Obama, for allowing us to have 142 because that, you know, usually when a president leaves zero, they're nuggets of gold. People want that, you know it's such an important position. Nothing much more important. People say it's the most important thing the president can dio. I would say the military, maybe, but it's okay. They say it's the most important thing. We have 300. I mean, think of it has never happened before. You know the job we've done. You are so lucky that I am your president. You are so lucky that we took this journey together this wonderful, this beautiful journey together. You are so lucky. Pennsylvania, you are so lucky. You better get out and vote on Tuesday. Out involved. That's very well. That's very nice. That's a chance that nobody's ever heard political. That's really nice. We love you. And I love you, too. I do. I had a nisi life before I did this, But you know what? I would never change it because we have done mawr in the 1st 3.5 years than any administration has ever done for our military for so many different things. But I appreciate, but you know, that's a chant. Nobody's ever heard that chance. Even these characters back there. There are a lot of them back there, but that's that's yet nobody's ever We love you. We love you. I mean, two guys air back there. They look like they're from the UFC UFC, and they're crying when they're saying that they haven't tried in 20 years. They haven't tried since there were baby that maybe didn't even cry then. But they were I appreciate it. I appreciate it. I do appreciate you. Just, you know, if you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your great family and freedom to live your life, you must vote Republican. You have to vote Republican. So we're joined today by some warriors, and I really like them. And they've been incredible. Congressman Dan Muser. Dan. Thank you. Great job you're doing. And Congressman Lloyd Smucker, my campaign state chairwoman. Someone who's really good. Well, let me ask her. How are we doing, Bernie? Where's Bernie? How we doing? Our Bernie. Great. Bernie Comfort. Great job. You're doing alright. Wait. I mean, let me just told that I'll let you know about great job within a couple of days. Hopefully not much longer than that. And a man who I know, I tell you, he's just you know, I grew up. I like the Yankees. I like the Mets. And this guy was some player. Mike Piazza. Mike, why you look good, Mike. They could use you. This guy was great. His father was great big man. He could hit. He was a natural hitter. He was just a natural born hitter and a great catcher. By the way, we forgot that, right? We forgot that he was a great catcher and a great athlete. A greater thank you, Mike. It's an honor. Thank you, man. We have a lot of great champions that are on this campaign. Tremendous champions. Brett Farve was there yesterday. I was in. Yeah, I was in a place called Green Bay. They liked him in Green Bay. And we love Mike. Thank you, Mike very much. What an honor. For decades, our politicians spend trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, and now we're finally rebuilding our nation. I think it's a I think it's time Biden is a hateful man. You could see it in the way, he angrily shouts his speeches. Great agitation! He could never unite us because he spent five decades in Washington trying to divide us. For 47 years, Joe Biden betrayed black Americans and viciously attacked their communities in 1994 and that crime bill, that horrible crime bill, he devastated black families and they know that. And one of the things we're seeing from other states is he's not doing very well with African American votes. They don't they don't like him. I signed landmark criminal justice reform and I announced the platinum plan, which will create three million new jobs for black Americans and deliver school choice for every family in our country. And then he went around in 1994 and around that time and started calling young black people Super predators, right? Super preface on You can't do that and they remember that. And that's why he is doing terribly with African Americans. He's doing very badly. He's trying to figure it out. I could say, Joe, I could figure it out for you, Joe. I achieved the most secure border in history. Our opponents want open borders, open borders. If you don't have borders, you don't have a country. And by the way, the wall is almost complete. 404 100 plus miles. It will be complete very soon, and it's made a difference. We have the most secure southern border we've ever had by far. To protect our security, I suspended the entry of foreign you know what this is all about? You've been seeing what's going on in France lately. It's been terribly called up President Macron and extended our sympathies and best wishes. But they had terrible terrorist attacks over the last few days, and more than one, I suspended the entry of foreign refugees from terror afflicted nations. If you don't mind that, Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in the manifesto that he agreed to with I call it the Manifesto because that's what it is with crazy Bernie Sanders. He's a crazy guy, Mike. This guy is one of the greatest. Loses Bernie Sanders. He loses with Hillary, goes back to voting, he loses again. Elizabeth Pocahontas, Warren. All she had todo All she had to do is get out. Two weeks earlier, he would have won. Super old Bernie would have won everything similar ideology. Not a good one, but similar. But Bernie goes back and he's supporting now. Joe, I don't know. He's a great sport. He's a great loser. Mike wouldn't be doing that. Mike would be ripping people apart when you Michael 700% increase. Thinking that he wants a seven, they've agreed to it that once they've agreed to it with a O. C plus three, you know that is a O. C. Plus three. One of the three is Ilhan Omar. That's why we're gonna win Minnesota 700% increase in refugees from those violent terrorist hot spots all over Earth, including Syria, Somalia and Yemen. No, thank you. Do I have your approval? Pennsylvania. Do I have your approval? I think so. I think so. He vowed Determinate our travel bands on jihadist regions. In other words, come on in. Everybody enjoy the United States. We love you very much by two will open the floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism. And I am keeping the terrorists the hell out of our country. If you don't mind, if you don't mind, we invested $2.5 trillion in the United States military. The biggest investment ever made. Our military was totally depleted. When I took over, it totally was depleted. Our planes were old, our jet fighters. They used to go to the desert. The graveyards, airplane graveyards take parts out of old planes and bring them in. Now we have brand new F 35 fighter jets tankers and submarines and missiles and rockets. And our nuclear has been fixed to a level that you wouldn't believe. And we have the super duper missiles that go very quickly, right? We're very, very hypersonic. They call them right hyper, hyper sonic. They go rather quickly, seven times the speed of our fastest missile right now, the best in the world. We saved the Philly shipyard and Biden shut it down. Biden shut it down. We also passed VA Choice and VA accountability for our veterans. We just got a 91% approval rating and he's got a 91% approval rating. Is a great catcher. He might have higher than that. You might have. Hey, you might be 99%. We killed the leader of Isis al Baghdadi. We took out the mass murder of U. S troops and many troops all over the world. Sulaymaniyah is dead. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. Thank you. Here's $150 billion. Make a short term deal. It's almost expired. If I didn't terminate it, it would have been getting close to explain. Short term deal, basically, you know, country It's not like you're leasing the store. It's a country made a short term, $250 billion.1.8 billion in cash. You ever see 1.8 billion in cash? I recognized the capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem on presidents have wanted to do that for many, many, many decades, and they never had the guts to do it. I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. They've been working on that for 52 years. I did it in two hours. It took two hours and instead of endless war, were forging peace in the Middle East. You see what's happening? They're coming in. No blood in the sand did it the opposite way. I said, How have they done it? And I said, Good, let's do it the opposite way. Yeah, that's very nice. So I have been I've been nominated. For now. I hear it's four nominated nominal, but, you know, think of it and not just the Middle East. So we had a case. We're making trade deals with Kosovo and Serbia, Kosovo, Serbia. They've been killing each other for decades. Just they fight that's what they do. They kill each other so many years. So we're doing one deal, another deal, and they come in and tell me they're doing to deal with those who deal with Serbia. I said, Wait a minute. They have been killing each other for decades and decades. I don't want to do the deal. Tell them I'm not doing the deal unless they make peace. They have to come in and make economic piece. They have to make peace. They don't have to kill each other. You know I'm saving lives. You could say, What does that have to do with us? You know how long it took me? About three minutes. I said to my guys, I said, Tell them I'm not, You know, they want to make a deal. They wanna make Everyone wants to do with us everyone now especially. But everyone wants to do with us. So I went to him. I said, No, Tell them they've got to stop killing each other and good people could hear good there. Stop killing. And you know what? Within a short period of time, we made a deal right that way. We were nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize, said. That one took me about 15 minutes. We made a deal and the leaders came into the Oval Office and they were hugging and kissing and they were so happy with each other. And I said, Isn't eso you know smart? You say, Hey, we're making deals. Let's tell them they've got to get along And it was great and a lot of people we saved a lot of lives and you know what? Cost? There's nothing. It didn't do anything. We're saving a lot of good people lives. So we got a little nominate, but they won't give him today. Don't they won't give them. They just probably talk, but I hear it's an extraordinarily left organization. But if they do, somebody said you definitely deserve them. And that's true. I mean, I know when you you know Obama got one, remember, he had no idea why he got elected president like immediately after his election. We have nominated for Peace Prize, and it was a massive story. You know, when I got dominated, you got nominated for peace in the Middle East, right? I said to my wife, You heard this story. I said, Darling, I'm gonna come home a little early tonight. I'm gonna watch the news. We have big news today. I'm going to get the greatest publicity you've ever seen. Darling, she said. What happened? I said, Well, it's peace in the Middle East. I got a Nobel Peace Prize nomination. This is going to be really something, darling. I turned on the fake news. They talked about Hurricane. Then they talked about a couple of fires where they should manage their forests much better. And you wouldn't have. You know what you have to do, Manage your forest. You won't have any fires, right? And they talked about a couple of other things and they talked about this to that. After about 15 minutes. The 1st 15 minutes there's a half a now our show, Free Airways from the government. Even though it's fake news, I don't know. You have to look at that right. But thank you. But look, the cameras were shaking, but you know, so 15 minutes go by. No mention now when Obama got his for no reason, he still doesn't know why he got He's walking around. Why did I get it? It was the biggest terms. I remember it now. He was nominated. I didn't even do it. He just got to the office. So 15 minutes go by. There's nothing. It's a little embarrassing. You know, I have a great first lady that I'm trying to show off. I got it right, right. You understand that money? It's a little embarrassing. Now we go into the 2nd 15 she said. Darling, I don't think they're gonna mention it because they started talking about something, like for kids. You know, something kids should do in the spring. I said, I don't think they're gonna mention it, darling. And then the next day or the next week, I got another one, another one. But this time we didn't go back home. The watch too busy. So it's one of those things, right? I've dunmore in 47 months than sleepy Joe Biden has done in 47 years. A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American dream. And remember Abraham Lincoln, the great Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. Please remember that Abraham Lincoln, over the list long period of time. We've done a job. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China. It's already started. We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. All right, we will defend the right toe life free speech, religious liberty at the right to keep and bear arms. We will defend your second amendments. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. That's what we're doing. Bring them all in. We will end surprise Medical building, which is a disaster. Require price transparency already signed. And that's bigger then health care you watch already signed January 1st it goes into effect. Can you imagine? This goes into effect so hard to get. And we have Biden is the president and say what a job he's done, what a job he's done and they go to. I'm sure you've done a great job on transparency, he says. What is that? I did, I said to my people, you have to start a January 1st started. But because of statuary provisions, etcetera starts January 1st. Remember what I said? Price transparency bigger than health care What do you see? What I'm talking about? Lower drug prices even more than we already have. But it's going to be favored nations. We have the highest prices in the world and we now will match the lowest prices in the world. And the drug companies hate me. They don't like me. Big Pharma is not a big fan of mine. They're spending more money on ads than sleepy Joe. They want me out. They want me out. But China wants me out. Iran wants me out. Germany wants me that they all want me out. But here we are, right here We are on. We will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. Remember, the America will land. The first woman in the moon in the United States will be the first nation tow land. An astronaut on Mars, that's where we're going. And NASA again is the great space center of the world who was closed and in disrepair when I took over. Now it's the hottest place there is the space on. We get all these rich guys right? We're getting all these guys very rich guys. They love sending rockets up. I said, go ahead. You could use are properly pay or something. So they give us a little rent and they pay. And they spend a lot of money in those rockets. A good Ellen Bezos likes rockets. They all like rockets. I don't know what it is. I don't know. What about you? Would you like to send the rocket? You made a lot of money, huh? One or two rockets is all you could manage. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our school way will teach our Children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto. In God we trust. For years, you had a president to apologize for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America on standing up for the people of Pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your boss. Come on, boss. And get out and vote. You got to get out and vote on Tuesday. Get out and vote the red wave. On November 3rd, we must finish the job and drain the swamp once and for all. It's a vicious swamp. It's deeper and darker and worse. But we've done a hell of a job and we're still here and we're doing it and it's driving them crazy. For generations, America's destiny was made forge and one in places like Bethlehem, Bristol, Allentown, Altoona, Scranton and Reading all names we all know for a long time are American ancestors gave their blood, sweat and tears to defend our country and to defend our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And the best is yet to come. The best is yet to come. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion and your drive. We're going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting on. We're going to keep on winning. Winning. We are one movement. One people, one family and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania, we have made America powerful again. Our military. We have made America wealthy again. Look at what's going on. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, Pennsylvania. Go out and vote. 
