Title: Remarks Following the New Hampshire Primary Election in Nashua, New Hampshire
Date: 2024-01-23
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/remarks-following-the-new-hampshire-primary-election-nashua-new-hampshire
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Remarks Following the New Hampshire Primary Election in Nashua, New Hampshire Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/369407

[Music: Lee Greenwood, God Bless the U.S.A.] DONALD J.

TRUMP: Thank you everybody.

Thank you.

Whoa.AUDIENCE: USA, USA, USA.TRUMP: Well, I want to thank everybody.

This is a fantastic state.

This is a great, great state.

You know, we won New Hampshire three times now--three.

And we win it every time.

We win the primary.

We win the generals.

We've won it and it's, uh, a very, very special place to me, it's very important.

If you remember in 2016, we came here and we needed that winner.

We won by 21 points and it was great.

And, uh, today, I have to tell you, it was very interesting because I said, "Wow, what a great victory." But then somebody ran up to the stage all dressed up nicely--when it was at seven, but now I just walked up and it's at 14--but she ran up when it was seven and, you know, we have to do what's good for our party.

And she was up and I said, "Wow, she's doing, uh, like a speech like she won." She didn't win, she lost.And, you know, last week we had a little bit of a problem.

And if you remember, Ron was very upset because she ran up and she pretended she won Iowa.

And I looked around, I said, "Didn't she come in third?" Yeah, she came in third.

And then I looked at the polls.

She was talking about most winnability, who's gonna win?

And I had one put up, I don't know if you see it, but I have one put up.

We've won almost every single poll in the last three months against Crooked Joe Biden, almost every poll.

And she doesn't win those polls.

[cheering] And she doesn't win those.

This is not your typical victory speech, but let's not have somebody take a victory when she had a very bad night, she had a very bad night.And you, uh, you have the now very unpopular governor of this state-- this guy he's got to be on something.

[booing] I've never seen anybody with energy.

He's like, uh, hopscotch.

And, uh, you know, I'm watching this guy and two weeks ago he said, "We're gonna win.

We're gonna win in a landslide.

We're gonna win." About three days ago he started saying, "Well, we wanna do well." That's a big difference.But I walked out just now, we're 14 points up and I don't know what it's gonna be, but when she was up here, it was like six or seven and you know with like 7% of the vote counted.

Now, uh, let me just tell you, we, uh, had an unbelievable week last week.

And Iowa, we set a record.

[cheering] It was the best in the history of the caucus, in the history!

And, uh, I remember I sorta had the same feeling.

I'm up and I'm watching and I said, "She's taking a victory lap." And we ki—we beat her so badly, she was-- But Ron beat her also.

You know, Ron came in second and he left.

She came in third and she's still hanging around.

The other thing, she only got 25% of the Republican votes.

I don't know if you saw that.

Tremendous numbers of Independents came out, because in this state--because you have a Governor that doesn't frankly know what the hell he's doing--in this state, in the Republican primary, they accept Democrats to vote.

In fact, I think they had 4,000 Democrots—Democrats--before October 6th.

They already voted.

Now, they're only voting because they want to make me look as bad as possible because if you remember, we won in 2016, and if you really remember it, if you want to play it straight, we also won in two thousand twenty.

[cheering] By more!

And we did much better in two thousand twenty than we did in two thousand sixteen.But as they said, we lost by a whisker, just by a whisker.

No, no, no.

But we can't let that happen.

You know, you have to have people that speak up.

I said, I can go up and I can say to everybody, "Oh, thank you for the victory, it's wonderful, it's what--" Or I can go up and say, "Who the hell was the imposter that went up on the stage before and, like, claimed a victory?" She did very poorly actually.

She had to win.

The governor said, "She's gonna to win, she's gonna to win, she's gonna to win." Then she, she failed badly.

Now, I have here, if he promises to do it in a minute or less, but the only person more angry than let's say me, but I don't get too angry.

I get even.

[laughter, cheering] The only person, because he was there and he did fantastically well by the way, then he endorsed me.And we don't have to talk about Tim Scott, who by the way just got engaged.

We have to tell you.

[Turns to Scott standing behind him, cheering] And that's more important than all of this stuff.

But a man that got to know her very well is Vivek [Ramaswamy] .

I said, Vivek.

I said, "Vivek, go up and say a few words about it." He has to do it in one minute or less, and then we're gonna just say, "We had one hell of a night tonight." And one other thing before Vivek comes.

Do you see that poll?

[points to his left.] We're gonna put it up.

We have beaten Biden.

You could almost say, "Who can't?

Who da hell can't?" The man can't put two sentences together.

He can't find the stairs off a stage.

Who can't?

But Vivek, one minute or less, go do it, Vivek.

[cheering] VIVEK RAMASWAMY: What we saw tonight is America first defeating America last.

That's what we saw tonight.

If you want America Last, you can go to Joe Biden.

You've got another candidate still apparently in the Republican primary, cut your social security to fork over more money to Ukraine so some kleptocrat can buy a bigger house.

Go to Nikki Haley.

But you know who delivered a double-digit victory tonight?

--it is a double-digit victory as of right now--is this man Donald J.

Trump the leader of America First.

And that means something.

[cheering] Now, USA and Donald Trump, America First.

Now, I've got 30 seconds left.

I want to make this point, here, OK?

We gotta to say this, we gotta say this right.

What we see right now with her continuing in this race is the ugly underbelly of American politics where the megadonors are trying to do one thing when we the people say another.And it's up to us, to we the people, to at long last say, "Hell, no.

We the people create a government that is accountable to us." And we, the people have said tonight, "We want again, as we did in Iowa, Donald J.

Trump." And so you want to actually speak truth, that's the truth tonight.

And the only thing they're rooting for is an ugly thing that we don't wanna see happen.

That's what these people are rooting for, is playin' to say long enough so the Reid Hoffmans and the ugly Democratic George Soros Juniors, who are funding the lawsuits against Trump, can prop up their puppet.

We say no to that vision.

I say the general election begins tonight, and this man will win it in a landslide.

God bless you, Donald J.

Trump.

Vote Trump USA.

[cheering, embraces Trump] TRUMP: Very nice.

Wasn't that nice?

So this was a great evening and I wanna thank everybody in the audience, and I wanna thank the people that are standing behind me.

You know, uh, I--I think we called it right, immigration's a big deal, a big deal, a very big deal.

We have millions and millions of people flowing into our country illegally.

We have no idea who the hell they are.

They come from prisons and they come from mental institutions, and it's gonna—it's just killing our country.

And I'm talking about millions and millions and millions.

They are drug dealers, they're everybody.

And they come in just like, walking right through.

There's nobody to check, and there's nobody to vet, and we have a man with us tonight, Tom Homan, who is—[cheering] central casting, he's central casting.

And I'd like you to say a few words about the border, and who's gonna solve that problem, and how quick are we gonna do it, Tom.

Go ahead, please.

[applause] TOM HOMAN: Look, I worked for six presidents starting with Ronald Reagan, and every president I ever worked for did something to secure the border, but no one did more than President Trump.

The most secure border in my lifetime.

[applause] The most secure border we've ever seen.

And Donald Trump's goin' a do it again.

We're gonna lock the border down, and we're gonna protect Americans.

Because what's happening at the border right now, a record number Americans have died from fentanyl poisoning, a record number migrants have died.

A record number of women and children to sex traffic, a record number known suspected terrorists across the border.

There's one man who's proven he can secure the border and he's standing to my left, Donald J.

Trump.

He's gonna do it again.

[cheering] TRUMP: Thank you very much, Tom.

So, this is an evening, uh, that I will not forget because it's the third time, but more importantly, uh, I think it's gonna be—it's gonna be the most important time.

We won, uh, both—it was I think they said--somebody said, "you rarely--if you win both--" they've never had a loser, let me put it that way.

When you win Iowa and you win New Hampshire, they've never had a loss.

There's never been.

So we're not gonna be the first, I can tell you.

And I just, I just do wanna reiterate the polls--we're way up on everybody.

We're way up on Biden.

And over the last couple of months, if you check--and you have to remember in 2016, they were saying, "Oh, what does he know about elections?

He's not gonna win.

He can't win.

He can't w--" We won, and we got millions, and you can check this, and I hope the cameras don't turn off 'cause they hate this, but we got millions and millions of more votes the second time, right, Mr.

Congressman?

Millions and millions of more votes, and, ah, but we had COVID, and they use COVID to cheat, and they did a lot of other things, too.

We're not gonna let that happen, and that's still—and that's still goin' along.

You can't forget--you can never forget history because if you forget, you never, you never recover from it and you repeat, you repeat.

And we're not gonna repeat.

We're gonna have the greatest election success.

We're gonna turn our country around.And if you take a look throughout the history of our country, if you took the 10 worst presidents in the history of this not great country right now, it's a country in decline, it's a troubled country, it's a failing country frankly.

But if you took the 10 worst presidents and put 'em together--the 10 worst, absolutely 10 worst.

I used to say five.

Remember I started, I'd say five.

Then I said, "Wait a minute, we can add another five." They would not have done the damage that crooked Joe Biden has done to our wonderful country.

They would not have done the damage.

There's never been anything like it.

And you say, "Are they stupid people?" I don't think so, because nobody can cheat that well if they're stupid.

Do they hate our country?

They must hate our country because there's no other reason that they can be doing the things they do.

Take a look, the taxes, they want to raise your taxes times four.

They want to let the Trump Tax cuts-- the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country--they want them to expire.

Your taxes are gonna go through the roof.You take a look at regulations, they're throwing regulations.

You can't breathe.

You can't even breathe with what they're doing.

You take a look at our border, so bad, there's never been a border like this in the world.

Four years ago we had the safest, best border in the United States.

I built hundreds of miles of border wall.

And they always say, "Oh, he didn't build hundreds of miles," because if there's a board laying on the ground, they say "That's a renovation." They call it a renovation.

If there's two nails laying from 50 years ago, they say, "Oh, that was a renovation." These are very dishonest people and you're always fighting them.And just a little note to Nikki: She's not gonna win.

[laughter] She's not gonna win.

But if she did, she would be under investigation by those people in 15 minutes, and I could tell you five reasons why already.

Not big reasons.

A little stuff that she doesn't want to talk about.

But she will be under investigation within minutes and so would Ron have been, but he decided to get out.

He decided to get out.

Now, Vivek, I don't think would be at all because he's perfect, right?

[cheers] And Tim Scott, I know would never--that's no chance.

Hey, Tim.

Do you wanna say something?

Come on, come on.

I want him to say something.

[applause] TIM SCOTT: Le--New Hampshire, the President said a double-digit win in New Hampshire and you delivered a double-digit win for President Trump.

[cheering] But I'm gonna invite you to my home state startin' tomorrow.

[cheering] Where this election--is over!

It is time for the Republican Party to coalesce around our nominee and the next President of the United States, Donald Trump.

Let's get that party started tonight.

[cheering] TRUMP: What a good guy.

What a good man he is.

But just remember, I did hear Nikki say, "And now it's off to South Carolina." Well, I love South Carolina.Audience: We love you.TRUMP: I love it.

But she forgot one thing.

She forgot one thing.

Next week it's Nevada.

Next week it's Nevada, it's not South Carolina.

We love South Carolina, but next week it's Nevada.

And I'm pleased to announce we just won Nevada.

[cheering] We just won, 100%.

Because all of 'em, they looked at it, and they took polls, and I was polling at 95% to 4 or 5%, and they decided not to play in Nevada.

So we just won Nevada.

We have a man from Nevada here, Steve Wynn, wherever he may be.

And John Paulson, the great John Paulson made plenty of money in Nevada.

Doesn't live there, but he makes a hell of a lot of money.

He makes money everywhere he goes, actually.

So, money machine.Maybe we'll put you--you know what?

Put him at Treasury.

You want to make a little money?

Let's put-- Anyways, good to have you guys.

Uh, but we go to Nevada and that's been won, so we pick up all of those delegates.

And then we do go to South Carolina where we've done really well, where I've done well.

We have a great governor and lieutenant governor and great everything, because almost every one of them have endorsed me--two great Senators--which is hard.

I mean, did you ever think that--she actually appointed you, Tim?

And [laughs] think of it, appointed and you're the senator of the state and she endorsed me.

You must really hate her.

Naw, it's a shame.

It's a shame—[Tim Scott steps forward to Trump's left shoulder] Uh-oh.

[laughter] SCOTT: I just love you.

[applause] TRUMP: No, that's-- That's why he's a great politician.

[applause] That's why he's a great politician.So this is a great evening and it is-- We are going to Nevada for a little while.

We're not gonna have to do too much.

We have a great team there.

But it's a team that uh we can now send someplace else.

They did a fantastic job but, uh, we--and it's a fantastic place, really a fantastic place.

But we'll be leaving there very quickly.

We'll head out to South Carolina where I think we're gonna win easily.

I think we're 50 points up, five-oh, five-oh.

Fifty points up on a person that was governor, that tells you something.

But I felt I should do this because I find in life you can't let people get away with bullshit, OK, you can't.

[shouts and cheering] You just can't do that.And when I watched her in the fancy dress that probably wasn't so fancy-- come up-- I said, "What's she doing, we won?" And she did the same thing last week, but he was much more angry about it than I was.

I said, "Get up there and you let them know." We are going to win this, we have no choice.

If we don't win, I think our country is finished, I do.

I believe our country is finished.

We have an opportunity to do something so amazing.

And the good news, and the reason we have such support--the best numbers I've ever had--the reason we have support is because they are so bad at what they're doing and so evil.

And they're destroying our country.So I wanna thank everybody for being here.

I wanna thank this group of people [gestures at crowd in front of him] .

We will never forget you.

We will never forget.

[cheering] And I made a pledge—I made a pledge to your state that you have the highest energy costs in the country.

In the first year, they're gonna be reduced by 50% because we are gonna drill, baby drill.

Drill, baby drill.

Inflation is going to come way down.

But in the first year, your energy costs are going down by 50%.Thank you very much.

We love you.

Thank you very much.

We'll see you soon.

We'll see you on the trail.

And thank you everybody, thank you very much.

We will see you on the trail.

Thanks.[Music: Sam and Dave: Hold on I'm Coming]