Title: Remarks at a Campaign Rally in Greensboro, North Carolina
Date: 2024-03-02
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/remarks-campaign-rally-greensboro-north-carolina
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Remarks at a Campaign Rally in Greensboro, North Carolina Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/374950

TRUMP: Ohh.

Hello Greensboro.

Hello, Greensboro.

I'm thrilled to be back in beautiful North Carolina, with thousands of proud, hardworking American patriots, that's what you are American patriots.

We need a lot of patriots in this country based on the way we're doing.

We need some patriots.

Over the past few weeks, we've been on our rocket to the Republican nomination.

It's been our rocket [cheers and applause] .

I didn't win Iowa.

You won Iowa.

We all won Iowa together, in a record.

We won it in a record.

Double the previous record.

That's not bad.New Hampshire, in a record, double the previous record, we actually got more votes than anybody in the history of the New Hampshire primary.

That's pretty good.

[cheers and applause] .

We just won Nevada, and we got 98% of the votes.

[cheers and applause] .

Sorry about the 2%.

We had an off day, we were missing 2%.The Virgin Islands.

We won unanimously.

Thank you, Virgin Islands.

Beautiful place.

Go to the Virgin Islands sometime.And one week ago, we won South Carolina, [cheers and applause] , beating a certain governor by unprecedented numbers and getting double the number of votes of any previous candidate, in the history of South Carolina.

How 'bout that?

And as you know, today we have two contests.

We have Missouri and we have the remainder of Michigan.

And I will tell you in advance what just happened, because we just found out as I was coming up.

Looks like we're winning 100% of both.

100%.

[cheers and applause] .100% can't we do better than that?

And that adds on to last Tuesday's Michigan primary win, which was won with almost 77% of the vote, I think.

77%, something like that.

Next up is Super Tuesday.

[cheers and applause] .That's on Tuesday, March 5th.

That's in three days from now.And it's time for the great state of North Carolina.

Don't forget, don't forget.

My granddaughter is named Carolina, OK?

[cheers and applause] .

It's very important.We need each and every one of you to get the patriots from your family, your friends, everybody.

Get them out, and turn them out to vote in record numbers because we have to show– what's happening on November 5th.

That's when we have to get the worst president in the history of our country, the hell out of office.

[cheers and applause] .

The worst, the most corrupt.With your help, we will win big on Super Tuesday and this November, North Carolina is going to tell Crooked Joe Biden, Joe, you're fired.

get out of here.

Get out.

Boom, get out.

You're fired Joe.

You've done a horrible job.

You have done the worst job of any president in history.

Get the hell out, Joe [cheers and applause] .And among my first actions upon taking office, will be to do a thing that sort of sounds like common sense, wouldn't you say?

Not conservative, not progressive, not liberal.

They don't like using liberal anymore, you know that?

So let's call 'em liberal.

The thing that I think probably works for the most of the people in this room, seal the border and stop the invasion of our country [cheers and applause] .Two days ago I was with Governor Greg Abbott at the Texas border– he's doing a good job– to witness the total devastation that Crooked Joe Biden has unleashed.

Our border is an open and gushing wound.

It's pouring drugs, gangs, terrorists and millions and millions of illegal aliens into our country.

Yet Crooked Joe is fighting the state of Texas to stop them from defending our border.

They're actually cutting the wire fences so that thousands and thousands of migrants can pour in.

But as fast as they cut 'em, Texas steals them up [cheers and applause] .

Pretty good.

We love Texas, don't we like Texas now?

[cheers and applause] .

Wow.Now we have to do the same thing in Arizona, where the governor's doing nothing.

And Gavin 'Newscum' [Newsom] the new scum [cheers and applause] .The Governor of California– sort of governor because they don't do much, I'll tell you.

It's a shame what's happening to that beautiful place.

But they– they're pouring into California.

They're pouring into Arizona, as you know.

But Texas has done a great job.And they have to stop because the people of Arizona don't want it.

The people of California don't want it.

They don't want it.

When I'm president instead of trying to send Texas a restraining order, I will send them reinforcements [cheers and applause] .Three years ago, we had the safest and most secure border in U.S.

history.

We ended catch and release.

You know, we had catch and release, right?

We'd release them into our country now.

Now we actually still have catch and release, but we release them in Mexico, OK.

Is that better?

That's what we had.

But they gave it up.

We built 571 miles of border wall.

We got Mexico to send us 28,000 free-of-charge soldiers to secure our border.

I said you gotta, you gotta give us our soldiers.

They said no way.

I said way, you gotta give us our soldiers.

And they did while we were building the wall.

We had the best border, think of it.Three years ago, we had the safest border in the history of our country.

Today we have the worst border in the history of the world.

There's never been a border like this.We had remain in Mexico.

You think that was easy to get from Mexico?

Mr.

President, we'd like to have, you know, millions of people remain in Mexico.

That's not that easy.

We had it.

Safe third agreements, asylum bans, title 42, and we had a thing called rapid removal.

You know what that means, right?

We had rapid removal.

If you broke in, we caught you, we detained you and we deported you immediately.

Just like clockwork.

That's what happened.

We had the best border in history [cheers and applause] .But let there be no doubt, this is Joe Biden's invasion.

I'm not even sure it's him.

I, I don't know.

I'm not even sure he knows what the Hell's happening.

I think it's the people that surround him.

They surround that gorgeous, you know, the resolute desk.

You know, you pick one of seven desks when you become president.

Someday there'll be people in here, that young man right over there, I think he's got– maybe in particular the beautiful young woman right there.

She'll be president.We'll have a woman president before then.

You know what?

If they cheat on the election, it might be Kamala [Harris] [cheers and applause] .

I don't think that's too good.

I don't think that's too good.

Wouldn't that be something?

Wouldn't that be something?

Wow, what a thought.

We better work harder and harder with it.

We got enough problems with this guy.The very first bill that Crooked Joe sent to Congress was a bill to turn illegal aliens into voting citizens.

Now he's pushing another mass amnesty plan while calling it border security.

He calls it border security.

Did you see the– look, he hasn't been to the border in many years, but he hasn't been during his presidency.

And then I quietly announced I was going to the border, doing a show, Sean Hannity, good man, Sean Hannity [cheers and applause] .

I have to tell you we like Sean Hannity.

And we did the show.

And we had a side-by-side.

He went to an area where there's no problem because of Texas and us, but he went to an– and I went to an area where there was a big problem, very big problem.

But he went, and he hasn't been there until he heard that I was going.

And then he went, and he wasn't looking too sharp.

He wasn't.

They couldn't find– where do I stand?

He goes, where do I stand?

Your markers over there, Sir.

Oh, where?

I don't see it.

Where is it?

I don't see it.

This is the worst– this guy should not be president.

But we know that.These women from North Carolina, this is number 116.

I don't know where the hell their husbands are.

Where are they today?

Oh, they're here.

Will their husbands please stand up?

These guys deserve a medal [cheers and applause] .

Hi, fella.

Nice looking husbands.That– the most– they follow me all over the place.

I could go to China, and they might follow me.

They might.

They might not.

I don't know.

You're looking beautiful.

Thank you.

Isn't it nice to be in North Carolina where you don't have to travel?

So how far, how far away is this from where you live?

Two hours?

That's not bad.

That beats going to California, right?

Ah, Thank you very– no they're unbelievable patriots, and they do– oh look, we have front row Joe's right here talking about travel.

They may have your record beat.

I'm not sure.Well, we appreciate we love front-row Joes and they're at a lot of rallies.

I wanna tell you that.

And we're having a good time, but we're really having a good time in a bad time, because our country has never been worse, and we're going to straighten it out.

We're going to make it great again, and we're going to do it fast.

But thank you very much for being here.

I appreciate it.

Great patriots [cheers and applause] .The bill, Joe Biden, once passed, would give him unlimited power to grant asylum to millions and millions of illegals.

In other words, it's an automatic path to citizenship for all of the Biden newcomers, you know, they call them newcomers now, have you heard?

Matt Gaetz, have you heard the new name?

They call illegal aliens newcomers.

No, you don't like that.

Matt doesn't like it.

Lauren [Boebert] , no.

No, no, they're new– o, this happened yesterday.

They're saying the newcomers.

Ohh boy.

Oh boy.

We're going to win by the biggest margins I think in history.

We have to– gotta watch, watch the cheating, watch the cheating [cheers and applause] .But we have a man who's gonna watch the cheating.

And he's gonna be introduced.

And I heard him speaking a little while ago, and he happens to come from a place called North Carolina.

You know who I'm talking about.

He's gonna be the head of the Republican Party.

He's gonna be great.And when the– when I watched Pennsylvania go, whoa, we're winning 73% of the vote in, we're winning by 800,000 votes yourself.

All of a sudden, bomb, another one bomb, Georgia bomb, North Carolina was like a [signals flat line with hand] – it was a beautiful thing.

What happened at that last election is a disgrace, and we're not gonna let it happen again.

We're not gonna let it happen again [cheers and applause] .You ever noticed that they go after the people that want to find out where the cheating was, and by the way, 82% of the country understands that it was a rigged election, okay?

You can't have a country with that.A poll came out, 82%, but they go after the people– they don't go after the people that rigged the election, they go after the people that looking, they're looking for the people that rigged the election.

And that's the people they go after.

They got away with something.

They're never gonna get away with it again.

Look what they've done to the country.

Look at the damage.

I always say you could take the 10 worst presidents in history, add them up and they will not have done the damage that this guy's done.

What he's done to our country is horrible.And there's more spirit now than we've ever had in one or two, you know, we did much better the second time.

I hate to say it.

We got millions and millions of more people the second time.

The spirit was unbelievable.

1st and 2nd.

2016 was an amazing time.

2020 we did much better, getting millions of more votes.

I was told that we got the same thing.

We couldn't lose, got millions of more votes, you know that.

But we're gonna get uhh– this time spirit wise– I was asking my people backstage, who were there for both of them, I said, which was the best?

They said this is blowing both of 'em away.

So we gotta swamp 'em, all right?

We're gonna swamp 'em [cheers and applause] .

This is the opposite of the swamp that we took.

This is a positive swamping.The Biden border bill would turbocharge the invasion, the continued invasion, of our country, and therefore his plan would totally demolish Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, healthcare and all public education.

It's a disaster what he– he's taking this country down.But we won't let him destroy Social Security.

I will not let him crash Medicare.

It's gonna crash.

I will not let him turn our public schools into migrant camps, which they're doing.

You ever see the parks of our cities?

They're migrant camps and I'll not let them turn the USA into a crime-filled, disease ridden, dumping ground, which is what they're doing.

They're dumping [cheers and applause] .

Everybody is being dumped into the United States of America.

Every day Joe Biden is giving aid and comfort to the foreign enemies of the United States.

He's actually giving aid.

And they don't respect us anymore as a country.

Three years ago, we were more respected than ever before, and now they have no respect for us whatsoever.And [Vladimir] Putin yesterday is talking about nuclear– did you hear that right?

Nuclear.

He wouldn't be talking about nuclear if I were here.

He wouldn't be talking about it.Biden's conduct on our border is, by any definition, a conspiracy to overthrow the United States of America.

You know, he talks about democracy.

He is a danger to democracy.

He is.

Number one, he goes after his political opponent, which nobody's ever done in this country.

They do it in 3rd world countries.

Very well, they do it.

But they're not gonna succeed with us.

They're not gonna succeed [cheers and applause] .

It's making us stronger.

It's making us stronger.Biden and his accomplices want to collapse the American system, nullify the will of the actual American voters that established a new base of power that gives them control for generations.I don't know.

Do you think he really thinks in terms of generations?

I don't think so.

I don't know.

He's got a lot of bad fascists around him, though.

That's what they like.

They have a perfect– they have a perfect president.

He'll do whatever they tell him to do.

But Crooked Joe will not succeed with these plans, and he will not get away with these crimes.

He'll be tried at the ballot box this November and he will be judged and convicted by the American people [cheers and applause] .

All right.Under Biden, we now have a brand-new category of crime.

It's called migrant crime.

We have migrant crime.

We have criminals that are going around having boxing matches with our police officers.

Nobody's ever seen it before.

Nobody.

We have tough people coming in and you know that, and they're coming in from jails and prisons.

They're emptying out all over the world.Last night they had four people coming in from the Congo.

Where do you live in the Congo?

What avenue do you live?

Ohh, we come from a prison in the Congo.The Congo.

We come from– they're coming from Africa.

They're coming from Asia.

They're coming from all over South America.

They're coming from the Middle East.

They're coming from China.

29,000 people in the last three months from China.

They all happen to be of the age from 18 to 25.

What the hell is going on with that?

Now what's– you know, that's called military fighting age, right?

That's called prime fighting age.

Dana White of the USC says I like fighters from 18 to 25.

That's what's coming in from China, 18 to 25.Last week, a beautiful 22 year old nursing student in Georgia, Laken Riley, I spoke to her parents, the most magnificent people, devastated and I mean, honestly, I hope they don't hear me say, they can never be the same.

They can never be the same.

She was barbarically attacked while she was out on her morning run.

She ran to keep herself in great shape.

She was a nursing student, the number one, best.

She's just– brutally, you read about it, it's a, big story now.

She was brutally assaulted, horrifically beaten, kidnapped and savagely murdered.

Almost beyond recognition.

Can you imagine this?

The monster charged in her death is an illegal alien migrant, who was led into the country and released into our communities by Crooked Joe Biden.

We had him locked out.

It was very hard to get into our country three years ago.

Now, it's real easy.

It's real easy.

We mourn her terrible loss and we send our love to Laken's family.

And they are incredible people.

I can tell you that.In Texas a few weeks ago, another illegal alien animal was charged with sadistically murdering a 16-year-old Texas High School cheerleader.

Beautiful, beautiful young woman.

Stabbing her to death in her home, dumping her body in the bathtub to be discovered two hours later by her mother.And last Sunday in Louisiana, a savage Biden migrant criminal was charged for raping a 14 year old girl by holding a knife to her throat before going on to repeatedly stab a local man in the face, all over his face and his back, while robbing him as he was getting out of his car.

This Biden migrant was arrested while standing in the middle of the street, drenched in blood.

And it was the blood of his victim.

Not one more innocent American life should be lost to migrant crime.

Gotta stop it [cheers and applause] .It's a new category.

Migrant crime.

We call it Biden migrant crime, but it's frankly, it's too long.

So we call it migrant crime.

I come– I came up with that name 'cuz I come up with a lot of good names, don't I?

[cheers and applause] .But you know, it's migrant crime.

It's a whole new category of crime, and it's probably gonna be more vicious than anything we've seen.

These are vicious people.

They're from jails.

Many of them are from jails.

Many of them are from mental institutions.

We uhh– this is what they're dumping into the United States.

And I know the people, the leaders of most of these countries.

I know them and they're very street wise.

They're very wise.

They can't believe Biden's the president.

They can't even believe it.

And they're taking advantage of our country.

They wanna clean out their jails.

You– jails all over the world, you take a look at their prison population, jt's way down because they've taken people out of those jails, and they've dumped them into our country.

They've taken people out of their mental institutions and insane asylums, you know what that is?

That's– somebody said, what's the difference?

I said insane asylum is like mental institution on steroids.

That Silence of the Lambs, did you ever hear of a fine gentleman named Hannibal Lecter?

Hannibal Lecter.

Does anybody know the name?

Please raise your hand.

Yes, well, that's what they have in insane asylums.

And they're dumping them into a community near you.

Hehe, lots of luck.This is not good.

This is not good.

That's why your central question in this election is whether the foreign armies Joe Biden has smuggled across our border will be allowed to stay, or whether they will be told to get the hell outta here and go back home.

We'll take 'em back home [cheers and applause] .

Take 'em back home.In Venezuela, did you just see [Nicolás] Maduro?

Venez – uh it's unbelievable– Venezuela comes out and said uh, we're dumping all our criminals into the United States, but the second part, we're never taking 'em back.

Don't ever bring 'em back.

They talk– They're not going to tell me that [cheers and applause] .

They're not going to tell me that.

We brought, we brought MS-13 back by the thousands.

By the thousands.

They said, we're not taking them back.

You know what Biden said?

Oh, they're not taking them back.

Oh, oh.The guy can't find his way off a stage.

Stairs all over a stage.

You've heard this.

One, two, three, four [points around the stage] .

And then you could jump off the front if you have to.

And he'll find the only place on a stage where there's no stair.If Joe Biden's illegal alien migrants do not go back to their countries, we will never get our country back.

But we're gonna take 'em back.

Because they're not gonna go back.

We're gonna take 'em back [cheers and applause] .

Fast.

It's gonna happen quickly.

Local police, you know the local police know every one of 'em.

Somebody said, how're you going to do that?

It's not the Washington thing, i's local police.

First of all, we're giving our policemen immunity from prosecution, because when they stop crime they get prosecuted [cheers and applause] .They take away their house, their pension, their family.

They lose their wife or husband.

On day one of my administration, I will terminate every open border policy of the Biden administration and we will begin the largest, domestic deportation operation in American history because we have no choice, we have no choice [cheers and applause] .And so under Joe Biden and his thugs are so, desperate to stop us because they know that we are the only ones who can stop them, we will stop them.

They are bad people.

They use weaponization of Justice Department, let's go after my political opponent cause I can't speak.

I have– I can't communicate.

I can't debate.

I can't stand at a location that they tell me.

I keep falling down when I walk up a flight of stairs.That's why they're weaponizing law enforcement for high-level election interference, where Joe Biden goes after his political opponent.

He should drop all charges against me.

You know, every one of these 91 counts, they, they're not 91 counts.

They're not legit.

They're Biden counts.

He worked with Fani [Willis] , even though spelled fanny.

F-A-N-I, Fawwwni.How 'bout that one?

How 'bout that one?

With her lover.

Nathan Wade, her lover [booing] .Let's go get Trump.

Because if they go after Trump, he– they can pay him more money.

And then she can take beautiful trips on the sea, beautiful trips to foreign islands.

Her and her lover.

They have such a good time.The guy got paid almost $1,000,000 and he never did it before.

But he did the other thing before, that he did with Fani.

He did plenty of that.

That's what he's good at, I guess.And this was before, long before they– so they cooked up these charges early.

They said let's get a high-level individual so we could charge the state more money.

That's what happened.

Ohh.

And then when they get caught, she's ohh well, I paid him back.

Ohh, how?

In cash, I gave him cash.

Really?

Say you gave him cash?

By the way, if she gave him cash, that's even worse.

Because where the hell did she get the cash, right?

I paid him back.

Because if she didn't pay him back, she committed a big crime because she got money that she gave through the state.

So she said she paid him back.

She didn't do–That charge should be dropped.

They should all be dropped and they worked closely with the Department of Justice, you know, he went there, for two eight hour visits and then numerous other visits.

But he was there, in there, all day long, in the White House, White House counsel.

This was the scheme of the White House.

The Manhattan DA, he took his number one guy, number one guy, and put him into the Manhattan DA's office.

Does Matt Gaetz know that?

He put his number one guy into the Manhattan DA's office.

That's not the Manhattan DA, that's all being run by the Department of Justice for election interference.

Knock out your political opponent.

It ain't working.The one thing they didn't know is the people of our country, hear about it from me.

Most people don't talk about it.

When this happens to most people, these kind of things, if they're politicians, they walk up to a microphone and they say, ladies and gentlemen, I will fight for my name and reputation, but right now I'm going back to my family and you never hear– With me we don't do that.

We tell you, we tell you what it's all about [cheers and applause] .And our poll numbers have skyrocketed.

I never heard about being indicted before.

Being indicted, me?

I went to the Wharton School of Finance, I was really good.

I did all these things then they ind– and it was all like in this little short period of time.

I got indicted over a tiny little period of time in my life, tiny little bit.

Four times.

That's more than Al Capone.

That's more than Alphonse, you know who Alphonse Capone is?

He was the meanest guy.

He was a very volatile mobster in Chicago, affectionately known as Scarface.

He was a very nice man.

He was not– if he didn't like you at dinner, if he thought you were smiling in a mocking way, you were dead.

He got indicted less than I did.

He killed lots of people.

He killed them just for sport.Now, but the people understand it, cause I can talk about– I have a voice, I can talk about it.

Uh, we had the thing in Washington, deranged, Jack Smith, he's a process– he's a deranged human being.

He has a huge record of failure, because he goes so far out, and people end up not being convicted, he goes too far.

He's a man– he's a– just a terrible human being.

But he's a deranged person who wants to hurt people.

And we, we're hurting him.

I'll tell you, we're hurting him.

He stinks.

That's not the kind of people–You know, being a prosecutor is a very important thing, being a fair and good prosecutor is a very important thing.

But some of these animals, I mean, they are bad.

But what they've done is, it's all coming out of Crooked Joe Biden 'cuz, look, he can't campaign.

He can't campaign, he can't speak, he can't walk, he looks like hell.And I will say this, before my indictments, I talk much differently about him.

They know front row Joes know, right?

A big change in course.

I used to, you know, I had respect for the office of the President.

And if you listen to MSDNC and CNN, they're all getting no ratings now, which is great.

But if you listen to them, and if you go back a year, they were all saying, well, no, you can never indict Trump on this.

They indicted me.

You could never indict him on January 6th.

They indicted me.

You could never indict him on the document, hoax.I come under the Presidential Records Act.

I'm allowed to do all of that.

I'm allowed to do whatever I want.

New York Times did a story.

Please, please, please.

Mr.

President, please, could we have our boxes?

And if the president says no, he doesn't have to give 'em.But think of this.

Think of this.

Joe Biden was totally exonerated last week.

He's got 10 times the documents, and they're classified, and he's not under the presidential– and they exonerated him.

Of course they said he was grossly incompetent, but we don't have to get into that.

But that'll come up, you watch.

But we'll, we'll be in very good shapeSo– a man who totally violated every law in the book on classified documents, who had many of the documents stored in Chinatown.

And by the way, did you see those boxes?

Those boxes were seriously used.

They were used.

Those boxes, they had a lot of stuff taken out.

They weren't just boxes, Matt.

Those boxes had stuff coming in and out.Where's Hunter [Biden] ?

Where is he?

Where's Hunter?

No, they had stuff coming in and out and they were stored in Chinatown.

They also had 'em under his beautiful Corvette.

The Corvette was dumping grease all over 'em.

They were in the garage here– it's one of those doors that cost very little money that you can take a scissor and cut.Whereas mine were at the Great Mar-a-Lago.

I had Secret Service all over the place.

I had a locked door.

You know, they asked me, could I put another lock?

I– we showed them, I said here's where they're stored, take a look.

They looked.

They said, could you put an extra?

We had a good lock there.

We had Secret Service, they said.

Could you put an extra lock in?

And I said, sure put an extra lock.

They wrote me a letter.

Thank you very much.

Put an extra lock– and then they raided Mara Lago after that.These are bad– these are bad people.

These are bad people.

And you're not allowed to do that according to the 4th Amendment, you can't do that.

All of this is only happening because I'm running for president and we're leading in the polls.

Otherwise, we wouldn't be having any of this [cheers and applause] .

We wouldn't be having any of this.In the latest Morning Consult poll, we're at 81% in the Republican primary, although I, I must say, we shouldn't be talking–.

I haven't heard about this woman [Nikki Haley] for the last five days since, since we beat her actually in her home state so badly, in a record, we beat her in a record.

Are you from there?

Yes.

Since we beat her there, and then in Michigan, in the largest vote, primary vote in history.

We beat her by 42 points, and I haven't heard about her, so I won't even use– people say don't even talk about it– [inaudible] , but I have to.

When I have some– I have to talk, front row Joes.

Because she's bad news.

I know her very well.

She's very average.

In the new Emerson Hill poll of the general election, we're crushing Joe Biden in every swing state, including a big lead here in the great state of North Carolina.

[cheers and applause] .

We're killing it.And in Harvard Harris, we're leading Crooked Joe in a six-point,– that's considered a landslide.

And you know when I'm leading by 6 points, it's really much more.

I hate to say why.

People don't wanna get involved.

Who are you voting for?

None of your business.Anybody that says none of your business is voting for Trump [cheers and applause] .

I hate to say, I shouldn't say that, but when they say it's none of your business, that means they're voting for Tru --The radical left Democrats rigged the presidential election in 2020, and we're not going to allow them to rig the presidential election of 2024 [cheers and applause] .

Every time the radical left Democrats, Marxist communists, and fascists indict me, I consider it a great badge of honor.

I'm being indicted for you.

I am.

Thank you very much, I appreciate it.I stand before you today, not only as your past and hopefully future President, but as a proud political dissident, and as a public enemy of a rogue regime.

This is a rogue and dangerous machine.

This is a anti-democratic machine.These people are thugs and they're bullies, and what they've done to people, you heard the hostages singing.

That was the hostages– they're the J-6 hostages I call them, 'cuz they're hostages.

They're policemen.

They're firemen.

They're accountants.

They're lawyers, in some cases, they're put in jail for extended periods of time, for very long periods of time.

They're hostages.

You heard them singing.

You heard the spirit that they had.

That spirit is unbelievable.

That song became the number one song, and you, you can check me on– you know, they always check my facts, the– ohh look at all that fake news [booing] .

It's a lot of– that's a lot of fake news back there.

Wow.

Uh-oh, the red lights are starting to go off.

Anytime I start talking, they take the red light off.You know, it's hard when CNN, of course, nobody's watching CNN or MSNBC, but it's hard, when I'm starting, getting ready to talk about CNN, the light [inaudible] is– they're very good at it now.

They get it off just in time as I'm about to say that they're ratings challenged, they get it off, but there's not too many people watching anymore.

You know, the truth is they've lost such credibility that they don't have the same power that they used to have.Never forget our enemies want to take away my freedom, because I will never let them take away your freedom [cheers and applause] .

They want to silence me because I will never let them silence you.

And I won't.

And in the end, they're not after me, they're after you.

I just happen to be standing in the way.

Oh, it's so pleasant [cheers and applause] .You know, I had a nice life before this, right?

Right?

Front row joes.

I had the nicest life, great company.

I did a great job, built this beautiful company, some of the best places in the world.

Lots of good things.

Everybody I hope is on Truth, because Truth is hot Truth Soc– [cheers and applause] .It's hot.

That's– I call that the real voice of America.

It's called the real voice of America.

It is.

Truth is doing great.

I hope you go on it.

You ask the press, every one of them are on it, I said to 'em, who's not on truth.

Nobody raised their hand.

They hate to do it that way though, they hate– but they're all on truth.

So I hope you are.We are delighted to be joined today by an incredible gentleman who I saw about four years ago.

And he went to a town hall meeting.

He was not a politician, which I think is his advantage.

But he was a great natural speaker, a man who is a very outstanding person, you know, he uh– he drove a truck.

I think it was a forklift.

And he went over taxes.

Was it a forklift?

I love forklifts.

They're power– those suckers.

They could lift it.

What the hell?

I watch all these guys, Mark, working out.

They're working out.

They can never top a forklift right?

I'd rather drive a forklift and lift this way.

But he drove it, and he drove it well.

But I guess he was complaining about taxes in his town.

And he got up and he made his speech.And they didn't care too much about what he said.

They just said, this is the greatest speaker we've ever heard.

Would you like to run for Lieutenant governor or something?

And he ran¬– look at him he's laughing– he ran, and he's been an unbelievable Lieutenant governor, Mark Robinson [cheers and applause] .I heard him, and by the way, his wife is much, much more lovely than he is.

I can tell you that is, she's my friend.

Thank you, darling, for being here.

But you know, I heard him coming in on the plane, I was listening and I said to the people on the plane watch this, this is Martin Luther King on steroids.

Okay.

Now, I told that, I told that– I told that to Mark, I said I think you're better than Martin Luther King [Jr.] .

I think you are Martin Luther King times 2.

And he looked at me, and I wasn't sure.

Was he angry?

Because that's a terrible thing to say?

Or was he complimented?

I have never figured it out, but I'm telling you, he's one– right?

When I said that to you, you looked like, I don't know if I like that comment.

You should like it, because you are outstanding and you're going to be the next governor, so that's going to be very cool [cheers and applause] .Now you know the fake news will go today, and they'll take that little statement that I make.

That little cute statement and they'll say, he said, that this gentleman is better than Martin Luther King, that's a terrible thing.

Is he a racist, a ba-ba-ba [waves hands around] – I'll end up being–.

I don't care, it doesn't matter.

Because the people, the people get it.

Mark, the people get it.

Thank you, Mark.

And that was a great speech you made too.

And I appreciate it very much.Another man who's done unbelievably, and he's really respected in Washington.

People didn't know him too well in the state, and then I endorsed him, and they got to know him very well.

But he was in a little corner of your state, and he was a Congressman, and he was a great Congressman.

People loved him.

Matt Gaetz wanted him.

Jim Jordan wanted him.

A lot of great people wanted him.

A lot of great people.

And I didn't know as much about him as I should have, and I met him and I liked him, and he's been an unbelievable senator.

We endorsed him and he won, pretty easily too.

And just like they liked him in the area where they knew– it's always nice when they love you in a Congressional District.

Typically, it's not good when they don't like you, and then you're taking somebody for higher office.

But they loved him, and now the entire state loves him.

US Senator Ted Budd.

Thank you, Ted [cheers and applause] .

Thank you, Ted.

Great.

Doing a great job.

Thank you very much, Ted.And then you have Dan Bishop.

And I watched his speech, [cheers and applause] , and I said, boy, that's good.

And I endorsed him a number of years ago for Congress, and now I guess he's running for Attorney General.

And I said whenever you're ready.

And uh, he is fantastic.

He's– from day one he's been fantastic.

And I loved your speech.

You're gonna clean up the streets, you're gonna clean up.Can we bring him to New York?

I wish you were our Attorney General.

We have a real bad one in New York.

We have one that's highly progressive, and she's killing business and killing everything.

They're all fleeing.

So I think we're gonna maybe move you– stay here for about a year, we're gonna move you into New York.

But Dan Bishop is great and I'm sure that he's gonna win that.

And he has my total support, my total endorsement, everything else.

Thank you, Dan [cheers and applause] .And a woman who's, who's been a longtime professional and respected by everybody and loved by everybody.

Virginia Foxx.

Virginia, thank you.

Loved by everybody.And Lauren, you're gonna do fantastically in your district.

Lauren Boebert [cheers and applause] .

Thank you.

Lauren's from afar, but she's here and she's with a friend of hers and a friend of mine, a, a man, by the way I introduced him the other day in South Carolina and he got a big hand.

I said, what's that all about?

He happens to be from Florida.

But he was there.

He's, he's been so loyal.

He's been such a great friend.

He follows me not because he likes it, but because he wants to make sure we get elected.

And he's been incredible.But he– I introduced a lot of people and some people did well, some people didn't get such a good hand.

This guy got a tremendous hand 'cuz he really is a great patriot.

Matt Gaetz and his wife, Ginger [Gaetz] [cheers and applause] .

Matt Gaetz.

True, true.

I– only true Matt.The speaker of your North Carolina House, Tim Moore [cheers and applause] .

Good– did a good job today.

Thank you, Tim.

That was a good job you did today.

I watched you.And the next Congressman from the 6th district, you know, I met him because he's a friend of my sons.

And he had a tragic event with his brother.

I shouldn't even say it, but he did.

With fentanyl, it got him.

It got him.

His brother passed away recently.

And I liked the kid right away, and my son felt [inaudible] – my son knew him for a long time.

And he's a good hunter, and all of that.

And my son likes hunting.

And I like hunting, too, but a different kind of hunting.

We like hunting for votes.

We want to hunt for votes because we gotta win this election.

But Addison McDowell is great [cheers and applause] .

Stand up.

Addison, please.

Good.

Good luck.

Good luck.

Your brother's watching you.

He's watching you, and he's proud of you.

He said, wow, that guy has gone places, so I think you're gonna be very successful and good luck.

And your brother is indeed watching you right now.Your North Carolina GOP chair.

So I had a choice of a lot of people and I said, this is the guy because he stopped the steal, he stopped the steal.

He stopped– you know I say protect the vote.

They make ballots, they drop ballots, they do so many things to cheat, 'cuz who can get elected with high taxes, open borders.

Take away your rifles.

Take away your guns.

No protection for yourself, no entertainment.

With bad education policies.

Everything is woke.

They can't.

The only way they get elected is to cheat, and they cheat like hell and they're genius at it.

But this man stopped it in North Carolina and he happens to be your chair, but now he's gonna be the GOP chair.

He's going on to big things.

Michael Whatley.

Big things.

And I said, Michael, I don't need any votes.

We got all the votes we need.

Just make sure that they don't drop boxes of ballots all over the place.

Make sure he's gonna make sure I I have great confidence in him.

We don't need any votes.

We got plenty of votes.And also fantastic guy, Sheriff Sam Page [cheers and applause] .

Where is this [inaudible] ?

Oh, he's a, he's a popular guy.

Well, you're a popular guy.

Look at that.

Whoa.

Thank you.

And I met a lot of sheriffs backstage.

It's, you know, we've got almost, almost 100% of law enforcement, as you know, endorsement.

Sheriff, thank you very much.

But we have 'Sheriffs for Trump'.

We don't want to mess around with these guys.

They're great.

Thank you.

Sheriffs for Trump, thank you.

Thank you very much, Sam.

Thanks.

Stand up please [cheers and applause] .

Thank you very much.

Appreciate it.

Great people.

They're great people, our law enforcement is great.

And as I told you, when we do deportation, they know the real bad ones, they know all the locals– they know by their first name, their second name and their middle name, wouldn't you say?

They know the good ones and the bad ones, and they're gonna be working with the federal government on getting them the hell out of here because we can't– no country can sustain what– the abuse that we've been given by this horrible, horrible worst President in history.On Tuesday get out and vote for Mark Robinson for Governor, Dan Bishop for Attorney General and Virginia Foxx, Tim Moore and Addison McDowell for Congress [cheers and applause] .

They have my complete and total endorsement.

Get out there and vote.

Thank you everybody [cheers and applause] .

Thank you.From the very first day that we take back the White House from Crooked Joe Biden, I believe we're going to have the four greatest years in the history of our country.

We're gonna do it fast.

We're gonna do it fast.

You know, one of the opponents, long gone, one of our Republican opponents said, well, I can serve for eight years and it's gonna take eight years.

I said let him get that expression out a little bit longer and then I'll hit him with it.

I said, listen, if it takes eight years, you don't want to vote for that person because this should take a year.

We're going to get everything done in three months, six months, and a year, and we're going to start drilling, we're gonna start, drill, drill, drill, drill, baby, drill [cheers and applause] .

Day one.You know, he kept our drilling policies because gas was so going– going so high in gasoline, that he went back and let– you know, he should do the same thing on the border, by the way, but he kept our drilling policies and started taking it away– the prices shot up, he said, we better go back to Trump's drilling, but you have no idea.

We're gonna drill, we're gonna get prices down so low– because it all started with this stupid energy policy.

The cost of energy went up so high, the cost of oil and gas.In our first term, we appointed over 300 federal judges and three great Supreme Court justices.

I kept my promise to the workers of North Carolina and we ended the disaster known as NAFTA, the worst trade deal ever made, and we replaced it with a brand new USMCA, Mexico and Canada.

The best trade deal ever made, a giant win for farmers and manufacturers.

A tremendous win for North Carolina, as you people tell me all the time.I took on Communist China like no administration in history, bringing in hundreds of billions of dollars pouring into our treasury when no other President had gotten even 10 cents from China, and our farmers were a big beneficiary of, which you have a lot of farmers here.

But in Iowa, I won by a record number, because our farmers realized what we did for them.

We got them $50 billion from China.

Nobody ever thought it was possible.

For our great veterans, we passed VA accountability and VA choice [cheers and applause] .

That was a big deal.On accountability, as you know, you, you had 9000 people in the Veterans Administration that were sadists and thieves and bad guys, bullies, and you couldn't fire him because of civil service.

I had it passed through Congress.

We fired 9,000, we're replacing it with great people with heart that love our veterans.

And then and then choice–It would take six months to get to see a doctor you couldn't see– they have great doctors there, believe me, they have great doctors.

But you couldn't get to see 'em.

Anybody that can't see a doctor within 24 hours immediately goes outside, gets a local doctor.

We pay the bill, we negotiate, but we pay the bill.

And we saved many lives.

We got a– we got a 92% approval rating on the VA, that's the highest it's ever been by 45 points [cheers and applause] .That's the good news.

The bad news?

I hear that Biden is dismantling it.

He's dismantling choice, and dismantling choice would be a very bad– and he's putting some of the bad people back.

OK, I heard that also.

We fully rebuilt the US military and created space force.

And I was the 1st President in decades started no new wars.

Instead, I brought our troops back home.

As you know, we knocked out ISIS, we took ISIS, we knocked 'em out [cheers and applause] .

We got 'em out.

We got 'em out.[Addressing crowd member who fainted and medical personnel] .

And take your time, fellas.

Take your time.

We have a great person up here.

You just take your time.

Have plenty of time.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

That's great.

These people do such a great job.

Thank you.

You you're doing OK.

He looks good, he looks good to me.

I'll tell you his hands up.

Thank you.

Thank you.

Don't forget they wait for four days outside.

And then they get in here and they say, Gee, Trump's really no good, this is not worth it and they, they don't feel so good.

But he's great.

Thank you, fellas.

You take your time.

You are more important right now than all of us.

He's got a Trump, he's, he's pointing to his hat.

You better believe it.

Yep, America.

You know these people, the doctors, the medics, first responders, they're incredible people, incredible people.

They do such a job [cheers and applause] .You all saw the guy yesterday on the crane coming in and save the truck.

Did you see that?

The truck went over the bridge?

And they dropped the boom and the crane, and they saved the driver of the truck who was hanging perilously over the bridge, it was a tough, tough thing.

Right?

It was an unbelievable job they do.

Unbelievable.

Because everybody in this room is so important, you know that, right?

There's a lot of people in here, by the way.

That's a big crowd you couldn't get– they have 2000 people outside.

We have 2000 people outside, there's a lot of people.

They couldn't get 'em in.That's great.

Thank you.

Take good care of him.

That's great.

That's great.

Thank you.You're not gonna miss much, don't worry about it.

Thank you, man.

You take care of yourself, alright?

That's great.

Give him a hand, everybody.

[cheers and applause] .

Incredible.

They wait a long time.

That's great.

And that's really nice.

Thank you.

Thank you very much everybody.

[Medical staff take crowd member out of room] .[Speech resumes, directed back towards audience] .

Before I even arrive at the Oval Office, shortly after we, we win the Presidency, I will have the horrible war between Russia and Ukraine settled, and we will restore peace through strength.

I will immediately end Joe Biden's war on American energy, and we will quickly end his inflation nightmare.

What he's done to prices doesn't matter.By the way, you know the stock market's gone up.

There are big professionals, some of the people I know the biggest smartest guys on Wall Street.

You know why it's going up?

Because they think I'm going to win the election, and if we don't win the election, you're going to see what happens.

You'll end up in 1929.To lift up North Carolina workers, I will revoke Chinas most favored nation trade status and we will impose penalties on China and other abusers.

We have trade abusers.[Looks toward something happening in the crowd, walks to side of stage] .

Thank you.

Thank you.[Crowd and Trump clap as medical responders leave the building with a crowd member] .TRUMP: Did you see, uh, that medic was unbelievable.

The way he was working, boom, boom, right?

[cheers and applause] .

That's unbelievable.

That's an incredible job woah.

Unbelievable.

That's what we have in this country.

It's like incredible that– that's a bad one right there.

There we go.

I, I think he's gonna be alright.

But boy, that was– did you see him working?

He was working.

He knew what he was doing.

He was, he was doing a job to get him going.

Get that, get that heart going.

He wanted to get that heart going.

Wow.

And his children walked out with him.

Can you imagine that?

So it's– what a great job.

Thank you very much everybody.

Ooh, that was a bad one.I will pass– doesn't sound as important now, right?

But it is.

Everything's important.

I will pass the Trump Reciprocal Trade Act, if China or any country makes us pay a 100 or 200% tariff, we will make them pay a reciprocal tariff of 100 or 200% right back [cheers and applause] .

In other words, if you screw us, we will then screw you [cheers and applause] .

It's very easy.

Very simple.

It's a very simple plan.

Very simple plan.

China charges us 100% and 200% and others do, India's very, very, a very big abuser.

Brazil, they charge us.

We don't charge them.

We were charging them a lot.

We took in billions of dollars.

We took hundreds of billions from China.

We never took in any thing.

And as the tariffs on foreign countries go up, taxes on American workers and families will come down dramatically, because we will be taking in a lot of money.You know, we have this tremendous deficit.

We're not gonna have much of a deficit.

We'll do the reciprocal trade act.

That's gonna get rid of a big chunk of our deficit.

And you won't have to pay a damn thing [cheers and applause] .

You won't have to pay a thing.

Don't let the fake news tell you that it costs you, no.

It doesn't cost you.We will restore law and order in our country.

And I will direct a completely overhauled DOJ to investigate every radical out of control prosecutor in America for their illegal, racist and reverse enforcement of the law [cheers and applause] .

There is no law.This week, Joe Biden once again declared his intention to strip our police officers of their qualified immunity by passing a radical anti-police bill through Congress.

By contrast, I am going to indemnify all police officers and law enforcement officials throughout the United States, to protect them from being destroyed by the radical left for taking strong action on crime [cheers and applause] .We are going to rebuild our cities into beacons of hope, safety and beauty better than they have ever been before.

Our citie are going in a direction that nobody ever thought possible.

We're gonna rebuild our cities.

We're gonna work with Democrat mayors.

They're all run by Democrats.

But we're gonna work with them, and we're gonna rebuild our cities.

We'll take over our horribly run capital, the capital of our nation, Washington DC, and clean up, renovate and rebuild our capital cities so that it no longer is a nightmare of murder and crime, but rather it will become the most beautiful capital anywhere in the world.

We're gonna get rid of the slums.

We're gonna clean out the slums.

We're gonna get rid of tent cities all over the beautiful parks.

And we're going to make it so if somebody from North Carolina goes to Washington to see the great monuments, they're gonna go and they're not gonna be, they're not going to be killed or beat up or accosted.

It's a horrible place right now what they've done, and as we clean up our capital, we'll clean up and clean out our deep state.

We started with [James] Comey, we got Comey out, we got a lot of people out.But that is a deep swamp.

We started, we got Comey out, didn't we?

We got him and a lot of others out.

But it is deeper than, deeper than anybody thought possible, right, man, isn't it?

On day one, I will sign a new executive order to cut federal funding for any school pushing critical race theory, transgender insanity, and other inappropriate racial, sexual, or political content onto our children [cheers and applause] .

And we will not give one penny to any school that has a vaccine mandate or a mask mandate [cheers and applause] .

I will keep men out of women's sport [cheers and applause] .

And we will fully uphold our great and very important but under siege, Second Amendment, and I did it for four years [cheers and applause] .

We will protect innocent life and we will restore free speech and I will secure our elections.

Our goal will be one-day voting with paper ballots and voter ID [cheers and applause] .

And all Republican governors should go to that right now.But until then, Republicans must win.

We want a landslide.

We have to win.

We have to win so that it's too big, to rig, too big, to rig.

Too big to rig.

So if you want to save America, you have to go vote and you have to vote.

I hate to say it–.

I'm not gonna tell you who to vote for– Vote Republican.

I won't tell you.

Vote Republican.Remember the primaries this Tuesday, so go out and vote.

We have to send the signal.

We have to send the signal.

November 5th is the big day.

That's– we're gonna have this guy walking out.

He's destroyed our country.

He's destroyed our country, our reputation.

He's destroyed everything he touches and he is indeed, you know, they like to say Trump is a threat to democracy, Trump.

He doesn't even know what it means.

His incompetence is a threat to democracy.

He's a threat to democracy.

He's letting Fascists run our country.

He's letting Communists run our country.Get everyone you know to the polls so we can trounce Haley, if she's, if she's– I haven't heard about her in about a week.

Has anybody know?

She was going around every show Donald Trump, and, Donald Trump, this and that, that wasn't working too well.

Now we don't care about that.

We– you have to get out the vote because we have to send big numbers up for November 5th.

We have to let them know that we're a freight train and we're going and we're not stopping [cheers and applause] .

We're gonna focus all of our time, and all of our energy, we will fire Crooked Joe Biden.

That's what we have to do [cheers and applause] .

Crooked as hell, OK?

How about what's going on in Congress now?

Isn't that something?

No I didn't do this, I didn't do that.

Joe didn't know about it.

He didn't know about it.

He didn't know about anything.

I didn't know it.

I didn't really know about it.

Remember when, uh Hunter, remember we used to go 'where's Hunter?' At least now we know where he is.

Where's Hunter?

But, uh, the famous phone call, right?

My father's sitting right here, I want that stuff set right away.Together, we're taking on some of the most menacing forces and vicious opponents our people have ever seen.

But no matter how hateful and corrupt the communist and criminals are, and they are hateful, we are fighting against some of the most vicious people in the world and they're not outside, they're inside.

You know what?

If you have a smart president, outside's, not a problem.

We can handle China.

We can handle Russia.

We can handle.

All of them.

They don't wanna mess around with us.

Now they do because they're toying with us.

But you must never forget this nation does not belong to them.

This nation belongs to you [cheers and applause] .This is your home, this is your heritage, and our American liberty is your God-given right.From Asheville, to Raleigh.

From Wilmington, to Winston Salem.

From Greenville, to Greensboro, this state was forged by some of the toughest men and some of the strongest women ever to walk the face of the Earth.

Our American ancestors were backcountry farmers and frontier settlers, woodsman, craftsman, workers, and warriors who poured their love into this land for their families.

They climbed the mountains, fought the battles.Conquered the dangers, such danger.

Tamed the unknown wilderness, built the factories, and gave everything they had to make America into the greatest nation in the history of the world.

[Trump pauses, as somber music begins playing in background] .CROWD: [chanting] USA.

USA.

USA.

USA.

USA.

USA.

USA.TRUMP: But now, we are a nation in decline.

We are a failing nation.

We are a nation that has the highest inflation in 50 years, where banks are collapsing, and interest rates are skyrocketing.

Likewise, we are a nation where energy costs have reached the highest levels in our history.

We are no longer energy independent or energy dominant as we were just a few short years ago.We are a nation that is begging Venezuela and others for oil.

Please, please, please help us, Joe Biden says.

Yet we have more liquid gold under our feet than any other nation, anywhere in the world.

We are a nation that just recently heard that Saudi Arabia and Russia will repeat your uhh– will be reducing their oil production, so sad, while at the same time substantially increasing the price.

And we met that threat by announcing that we will no longer be drilling for oil in large areas of Alaska or elsewhere on our beautiful land.We are a nation that is consumed by the radical left's Green New Deal.

Yet everyone knows that the Green New scam is fake, and will only lead to our destruction.

We are a nation whose leaders are demanding all-electric cars, despite the fact that they don't go far, cost too much and whose batteries are produced in China, with materials only available in China, when an unlimited amount of gasoline is available inexpensively in the United States, but not available in China.

And now we are a nation that wants to make our revered, and very powerful army tanks the best in the world, all electric.

So that despite the fact that they are also not able to go far, fewer pollutants will be released into the air as we blast our way through enemy territory in an environmentally friendly way.

And they also want to make our fighter jets with a green stamp of energy savings.

They're losing 15% efficiency, but allowing us to keep our enemies' atmosphere clean of emissions as we viciously, and unceremoniously attack them at levels never seen before.Who are these fools?

Who are these people that would do this to us?

Who are these people who would ruin our country?

We are a nation that ended oil exploration and production in the United States, just as the price of oil reached an all-time high.

What other country would do such a foolish and self-destructive thing.

Can we be energy-independent?

Can we be energy-dominant again?

Oh, yes.

Oh, yes.

And quickly, says President Trump.

Oh yes.

Oh yes.

And quickly.We are a nation that surrendered in Afghanistan, leaving dead soldiers, American citizens, and $85 billion worth of the finest military equipment in the world behind.

And also abandoning Bagram, one of the biggest military bases anywhere in the world and only one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons.

And we are a nation that allowed Russia and Ukraine to fight, killing hundreds of thousands of people, and it will only get worse.

It would never have happened with me as your President and for four straight years, it didn't happen.

Likewise, the horrifying attack on Israel would never have happened.They wouldn't even have thought of doing such a thing if President Trump was sitting in the Oval Office.

It would not have happened.

Iran was broke under the Trump administration.

They didn't have the money to fund Hamas and Hezbollah and all of the other instruments of terror that they were funding.

They had no money.

They were broke.

But those sanctions were lifted by a corrupt Biden administration, and now Iran is a rich country with $221 billion in cash, and another $6 billion for hostages, and $10 billion for electricity to Iraq.All complements of an incompetent and corrupt Biden administration.

And China with Taiwan is next.We are a nation that allows radical left terrorists to violently attack our cities, leaving behind massive destruction and death.

And nothing happens to the criminals that do these terrible things.

There is no punishment.

But when people who love our country protest on January 6th in Washington, they become hostages unfairly imprisoned for long periods of time.

We are a third-world nation now, that has weaponized its law enforcement against opposing political parties like never, ever before.We've got a Federal Bureau of Investigation that won't allow bad election-changing facts to be presented to the public and which offers $1 million to a writer of fiction about Donald Trump, to lie and say that it was fact where Hunter Biden's laptop from Hell, was Russian disinformation.

And the FBI knew it wasn't.

But 51 intelligence agents said it was.

And a Department of Justice that refuses to investigate egregious acts of voting irregularities and fraud.And we have a man who is totally corrupt, and the worst president in the history of our country, who is cognitively impaired and in no condition to lead and is now in charge of dealing with Russia and possible nuclear war, which would be World War Three and far more devastating than any of the wars previous, because of the weaponry, that no one wants to even think or talk about.

It is weaponry like no one has ever seen before.We are a nation that no longer has a free and fair press.

Fake news is all you get, and they are indeed the enemy of the people.

They refuse to discuss the Biden crime family, but enjoy covering the false indictments of Donald J Trump, who has done nothing wrong except win an election that he was not supposed to win.We are a nation where free speech is no longer allowed and where crime is rampant and out of control, like never ever before.

We are a nation that is allowing Iran to build a massive nuclear weapon, and China to use the trillions of dollars that has taken from us to build a military to rival our own.

And less than three years ago, we had Iran, China, Russia and North Korea in check.

They respected us.

They were afraid of us.

They weren't going to do a thing against us, and everyone knows it.

Now Russia and China are holding summits to carve up the world.And perhaps most importantly, we are a nation that is no longer admired, respected, or listened to on the world stage.

We are a nation that in many ways has become a joke, and we are a nation that is hostile to liberty, freedom, faith, and even to God.

We are a nation whose economy is collapsing into a cesspool, through it, whose supply chain is broken, whose stores are not stocked, whose deliveries are not coming, and whose educational system is ranked at the bottom of every single list.

We are a nation that just sold a once great company, United States Steel, to Japan.We are a nation whose stock markets continued success is contingent on MAGA winning the next election.

If they don't win, you'll have a situation like 1929.

You will have a Great Depression.

I believe that with all my heart we are a nation where large packs of sadistic criminals and thieves are allowed to go into stores, and openly rob them, beat up, and kill their workers and customers, and leave with armloads of goods but with no retribution.

Where the authority of our great police has been taken, where their families and pensions have been threatened and their lives would be destroyed for the mere mention of the words law enforcement.We are a nation where fentanyl and all other forms of illegal drugs are easier to get than groceries to feed our beautiful families.

We have become a drug-infested, crime-ridden nation which is incapable of solving even the simplest of problems.

We will institute the powerful death penalty for drug dealers where each dealer is responsible for the death, during their lives, of over 500 people or more [cheers and applause] .

Mothers will never again be forced to watch their children overdosing and hopelessly dying in their arms, screaming, what can I do?

What can I do, my child?

What can I do?

We are a nation whose once revered airports are a dirty, crowded mess.

You sit and wait for hours and then are notified that the plane won't leave, and they have no idea when they will.

Where ticket prices have tripled.

They don't have the pilots to fly the planes.

They don't seek qualified air traffic controllers, and they just don't know what the hell they are doing.We are a nation that screens its citizens viciously at all ports, but if you're an illegal alien, you are allowed to flow through our southern border by the millions and millions.

We are a nation that has lost its confidence, willpower and strength.

We are a nation that has lost its way, but we are not going to allow this horror to continue.

Three years ago we were a great nation, and we will soon be a great nation again [cheers and applause] .It was hardworking patriots like you, who built this country, and it is hardworking patriots like you who are going to save our country.

We will fight for America like no one has ever fought before.

2024 is our final battle [cheers and applause] .With you at my side, we will demolish the deep state.

We will expel the warmongers from our government that is so poorly run.

We will drive out the globalists.

We will cast out the communists, Marxists, and fascists, and we will throw out the sick political class that hates our country.

We will route the fake news media.

We will drain the swamp and we will liberate our country from these tyrants and villains once and for all.Like those patriots before us, we will not bend.

We will not break.

We will not yield.

We will never give in.

We will never give up and we will never, ever, ever, ever back down [cheers and applause] .

With your support, we will go on to victory the likes of which no one has ever seen before.

We will evict Crooked Joe Biden from the White House, and we will take back our country on November 5th, 2024 [cheers and applause] .

The great silent majority is rising like never before, and under our leadership, the forgotten men and women will be forgotten no longer.

You weren't forgotten for four beautiful years.We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together we will make America powerful again [cheers and applause] .

We will make America wealthy again [cheers and applause] .We will make America strong again [cheers and applause] .

We will make America proud again [cheers and applause] .

We will make America safe again [cheers and applause] .

And we will make America great again [cheers and applause] .

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

North Carolina.

Go out and vote.

God bless you all.

God bless you.

God bless you all.

Thank you.