Title: Remarks at a Rally in Washington, Michigan
Date: 2022-04-02
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/remarks-rally-washington-michigan
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Remarks at a Rally in Washington, Michigan Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/374949

TRUMP: Thank you. Thank you. Well, that's some crowd. We have thousands of people outside. Okay. Hello Michigan, it's great to be with you. Good to be with you. So nice. And we just came in. We have thousands and thousands of people outside and it's an honor. And I wish this building were about four or five times larger, but we love you and we put up a screen outside and I hope they can see it. And it's not that cold. It's not that cold. I went to South Carolina. It was the coldest night they have on record. It was 29°, they said. That's cold. But we had great crowds in Georgia last week and now here and all over the country, they love us and we love you. Thank you very much [cheers and applause]. And I'm thrilled to be back with you and your beautiful state with thousands and thousands of hard working, proud American patriots. That's what you are. You built our country [cheers and applause].Seven months from now, the people of Michigan are going to fire the radical left Democrats who are destroying our country [cheers and applause]. And you're going to throw out Gretchen Whitmer [cheers and applause]. The job that she's done. And you're going to elect an incredible slate of proud America first Republicans up and down the ballot, and together we are going to end crazy Nancy Pelosi's political career once and for all [cheers and applause].The stakes of this year's midterm elections could not be higher. I don't think we've ever had a time in our country where we felt so low, so dejected. What's going on is absolutely unacceptable. We're living through the most dangerous period of our lifetime, and we have a president who has no idea what's going on. He has no idea what he's doing and he's got no idea what he's saying or where he is, other than that he's doing a fantastic job [crowd laughs].The presidential election was rigged and stolen, [cheers and applause] and because of that, our country is being destroyed. But while there may be nothing we can do to stop Joe Biden's mental and physical decline with your vote this November, we can stop our country's decline and make America great again [cheers and applause]. Everything the radical left touches turns into a catastrophic mess, the likes of which we have never seen before. To this extent, we have never seen anything like it before. Biden and the Congressional Democrats triggered massive inflation. They declared war on American energy and the middle class is now being crushed by the highest gas and food prices in the history of our country. Can you believe it? [booing].Bloodthirsty criminals and vicious thugs are running wild on the streets of our Democrat-run cities, ambush-style attacks on police officers along with police officer deaths have more than doubled in a single year, and violent carjackings are ravaging Detroit, Chicago, Minneapolis, and Milwaukee, and many other cities at a rate never before seen. Think of that.Biden is appointing far-left crazies to the federal bench and ordering the– and you know what's happening here with the Department of Justice? They're targeting parents. They're targeting you. They're targeting all of us, but they're targeting parents [booing]. Good, beautiful parents. They're being targeted.He's begging and pleading with Iran to reenter the disastrous nuclear deal that I terminated. That was a great termination. We would have had a deal had the election been different, by the way. By the way, we had some great election and new people delivered. Unfortunately, the vote counters didn't deliver. We did win. We did win. And you know, if we didn't, I'd be the first one to stand up and say we didn't, but we won by a lot, not just a little bit, we won by a lot.Biden delivered the single worst humiliation in American history with his surrender in Afghanistan. That was terrible. And now Biden's weakness has given us the Ukraine disaster. It's a horrible thing to watch. Biden is also now pleading with the Venezuelan dictator to sell U.S. oil. What do we need his oil for? We have so much right under our own feet, more than any other country. We have liquid gold. Under our own feet and we're dealing with Venezuela, a far cry from the Trump administration, where we were energy independent for the first time in the history of our country [cheers and applause]. That was a year and a half ago seems like a long time ago, but we were energy independent. We were selling oil to other countries. We were making an absolute fortune. And you remember when not so long ago, a year and a half ago, $1.00 and $0.87 a gallon, remember that [cheers and applause]. And remember what I said during the debate and other times they said you don't pick me, you're gonna be paying seven 8-9 dollars. I said that. And I said you're gonna be trading in your big luxurious cars and trucks for little tiny cars.The choice this November is very simple, if you want high crime, high prices, high taxes, high corruption and high incompetence, vote for the radical Democrats [booing]. If you want a country that is strong, sovereign, solvent, safe and secure, you must vote for America First, Republicans [cheers and applause]. Have to do it.But of all the Biden catastrophes, perhaps none is more dangerous or devastating than his complete annihilation of America's borders. What's happening? What's happening? When I left office, we handed the new administration the most secure border in the history of our country. We never had a border so secure ever before. And that includes drugs coming in. We never had anything like it. We had ended catch and release. We had stopped asylum fraud and built nearly 500 miles of beautiful wall, just like the Border Patrol wanted [cheers and applause]. Our border was sealed. Our border was sealed. We had the lowest numbers ever recorded. But then Biden and the open borders these extremists, these sick, sick extremists, systematically dismantled the border security measures we put into place and brought illegal aliens streaming across the southern border in numbers like we've never seen before. And the real numbers are even higher than those being reported. They're at a level that nobody's even thought possible.Just yesterday, the Biden administration terminated the critical Title 42 protection that I put into place to ensure expedited removals. With this foolhardy plan to end Title 42, Biden will be opening the floodgates to a far greater extent than even now. And we will be deluged by illegal immigration, like no country has ever witnessed or had to endure. An estimated half a million illegal aliens per month, and now it's probably even a million people per month are pouring into our country, and you have many, many of these people are criminals this could be 12 million people a year. That's a big percentage of the people in our country itself, not the three million that is commonly being reported. That's fake news by all those people. Look at all. Those people [booing]. Fake news. Yeah. Fake news.This could be 10 or 12 million people coming in a year. This is incredible what's happening and that getting rid of all of these are, you know, remain in Mexico, you know about remain. I made a deal with Mexico, remain in Mexico. Don't come here. He ended it. He wanted to end the deal and now the courts are forcing him because they say we had a deal. So he's going with a much– a much more somber deal. Not a good deal and not a proper deal and not a deal that's gonna work.Remember, as almost everyone said I was right about everything, and that's true. I was right about everything [cheers and applause]. Fuel, the border, the military. And you were right too. You were right too. When I'm right, you're right. Biden and the Radical Democrats are spending billions and billions of dollars trying to secure the borders of distant foreign countries, many of which you've never even heard of. But I believe Americans deserve a president who will secure our borders, the borders of our nation, who will protect our citizens [cheers and applause], who will defend our sovereignty, and who will stop the biggest invasion ever of our country and probably of any country. There's never been anything like it. We're being invaded and that's the word, we're being invaded by millions and millions of people. Many of them are criminals who should not be allowed into our country. We're going to be paying a price and a very big one, long into the future. You'll wait and see. Unfortunately, I'll be right about that one too.And that includes the thousands and 10s of thousands of people we took in from Afghanistan, they rushed the planes. 3% of those people were entitled to come back. 3%. We have thousands and thousands of people. They rushed those planes and those planes took off with 28 people falling off the sides. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. These people don't know what they're doing, but our country is being systematically destroyed. It's being destroyed. Nothing like this has ever happened to another country, even a third world country protects their borders at least a little bit.And let there be no doubt, the Biden administration is resetting this humongous wave of illegal aliens in communities like yours all across America, Congratulations, and demanding that you, the American taxpayer, pay the cost just like they resettle thousands of unvetted, unscreened Afghan refugees all over Michigan, you know that, right? [booing]. Does anybody have a whole group of people that got resettled next to your beautiful little house? Or big house? Or Club? [scattered cheers]. Yeah, they're looking. All those hands go up. Now, too many hands are going up. If any part of our country is going to be turned into a migrant camp, it should not be the communities of hard-working Americans. It should be the neighborhoods of the radical left politicians [cheers and applause] who have callously thrown open America's borders.Even as Biden has opened our borders to the largest number of illegal aliens in history, by far, he has handcuffed our great ICE agents. These are brave people. These are people that go all over, all over the country. They go into, they call them nests, nests of killers. And they go charging in and they take them out and they throw them the hell out of our country and bring 'em back where they came from. These are great people. And they're scorned by the radical left. They're keeping your communities safe.Our ICE agents and slashed, if you take take look a at the deportations, they cut the hell out of it. They want to get rid of ice. They wanna get rid of Border Patrol. These are incredible patriots. These are people that are very brave. I see some very tough people in the front row [cheers and applause]. Not one of those people want to be an ICE agent. None of them want to be an ICE, that's tough. ICE has been functionally abolished to grant safe haven to savage gang members like MS13 and vicious criminals, just as AOC [Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez] plus three. You know AOC plus 3 is Rashida Talib. Ilhan Omar. That's another beauty [crowd boos]. They've always dreamed, this is what they want.And just like they've destroyed Israel from within the halls of Congress, they're totally, I mean, Israel has taken a hit like nobody– no other country has taken. It used to be hands off Israel 15 years ago. Today, Israel is scorned and mocked by these people like never before.They're looking to load up our country with murderers, with drug dealers, with human traffickers and thugs, and that's what's happening too. The Radical Democrats believe America should be a sanctuary for dangerous, criminal aliens. Republicans believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding Americans and people that want to live the American dream [cheers and applause]. What ever happened to the American dream? They want to destroy our country and they wanna destroy the American dream. They don't want you to have the American dream.One of the first bills a Republican Congress will pass is to dramatically increase funding for ICE [Immigration and Customs Enforcement] and Border Patrol and law enforcement [cheers and applause], so they can hire thousands of new agents, to find and remove every single illegal alien who's causing us unbelievable problems that unlawfully allowed, and was allowed to come into our country.You could take the 1st and take it 5, 2, 12, but you could take the five worst presidents in American history and probably a hell of a lot more than that and put them together and they would not have done the damage that Joe Biden has done in our country in just fifteen month [cheers and applause]. The damage is unbelievable, but not irreparable. Isn't it nice? I'm saying it's not irreparable. We can fix it. Otherwise, there's no reason for me to be here. We can fix it. We're gonna fix it [cheers and applause]. We're gonna fix it. What a shame. What a shame.Never been a period of time like this as everyone is saying, Russia's outrageous invasion of Ukraine. Who would ever thought this was going to happen? I thought he was negotiating. He had 150,000 soldiers on the border. I said, oh, he's going to make a great deal. He could have made a great deal. I believe when he saw what happened in Afghanistan, the way we ran, and you know when I was running that, 18 months, we didn't have one soldier killed in 18 months [cheers and applause]. And you've heard me tell the story I spoke to, I spoke to Abdul [Ghani Baradar] and I said, Abdul, there's no more killing of our soldiers Abdul, or you're gonna be hit so hard, you're gonna be hit harder than anybody's ever been hit [cheers and applause]. But why? But why, your excellency, do you send me a picture of my house? Abdul, you'll have to ask other people that question. But you know what? He never– not one person was killed for 18 months, and Biden even said that he stood up. He said, well, I have to say, nobody was killed in 18 months, at which case the television cameras were– 'turn off those cameras', they didn't like it when he said that. He didn't like it, but it's true. 18 months and then we lost 13. But you know, they don't talk about how horribly so many of them were wounded with the legs and the arms and the face and everything else.But this invasion of Ukraine would never have happened if I was in the White House [cheers and applause], not even a chance would've never happened, would've never happened. Not even– and I knew [Vladimir] Putin very well. You know, they say 'Ohh, he knows Putin, he knows Putin, ohh.' That's a good thing. Not a bad thing. I know. Kim Jong Un, I know President Xi of China. And you know what? We had no conflict. Remember, North Korea is going to be a nuclear war, according to [Barack] Obama and everybody else. We're going–What happened? Didn't happen. Although I tell you, he's getting, he's not happy. He doesn't like the person in office right now, but nothing happened. We kept you safe. We rebuilt our military at a level that nobody thought possible, despite giving away $85 million of what we did, brand new, beautiful stuff.And with Ukraine, you remember that I sent the javelins and Obama sent the blankets, right? Those javelins that are doing the trick, then they say Trump's friendly to Russia, really? I'm the one that revealed the pipeline, North strip too. You never heard of the pipeline? Nobody.There's these crooked people back here. They're crooked as a $4.00 bill. [cheers and applause]. Can't say $2.00 bill because they actually make $2.00 bills. Yeah, that's a crooked bunch of people back there. They're corrupt. The press in this country is corrupt. They're corrupt and they know it too. All you had to do is look at what the New York Times just announced recently. That's all you have to do.In fact, I stand as the only president of the 21st century on, who's watched Russia and Putin did not invade another country. In fact, I told the story on a show called meet the fake press, did you ever hear of it? It's Meet the Press, but I call it meet the fake press or deface the nation, right. One of them. But they asked whether or not, uhh they were talking to Blinken, he's another beauty. And they said how come nothing happened, like with Ukraine, with Taiwan, with North Korea, how come nothing happened with Iran? They were ready to make a deal. They would have made a great deal. Now they want billions and billions of dollars. But the good news, is they were very smart. You know what they did? They got Russia to negotiate our deal with Iran. That's a good one. And you know who's helping Russia negotiate the deal? China. How's that?That's gonna be a good– and you know how many points we've won? None. We won no points. So we have Russia negotiating the deal with China as a backup. How stupid is this country? How stupid are we? And the deal is a disaster. It's turning out to be nobody can even believe it. But we're given everything away. All the things that we fought for with Iran, they would have made a deal within one week after we took office, they would have made a deal. They were so ready to make a deal. We had sanctions. Well, that's a good question we can do a lot. We can do a lot. We can do a lot and you know what? We have cards. We had all the cards. We still have cards. If they knew how to play them, they still have cards. The only thing they're good at is fixing elections. That's about the only thing they do [cheers and applause]. Fixing elections. Rigging them. Also during my four years, China never invaded Taiwan, did they? Yeah. Now they're sending planes over. They're sending bombers over.You had a president who not only completely rebuilt our military, including the addition of Space Force, remember, they smiled. Remember that. Something which has not happened since the Air Force 75 years ago. Space Force, it's going to be very important having it. You know, if you look at China and Russia. They had a big lead and they're– now we're leading because we did that. That was so important. But they laughed. And you remember? Biden laughed 'ohh space force'. And then, the woman with the really beautiful red hair. She left. And she was hit so hard by the military because they knew I was right. The military understood I was right. You know, she's going to MSDNC. You know that, right? [crowd boos]. Right. They need a redhead. They don't have a redhead over there, so they need a redhead. But you also had a president who always put our country first. It was America first. Always [cheers and applause].CROWD: [chanting] USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA. USA.TRUMP: Thank you. What incredible spirit. You know, the rallies we have now are bigger than the rallies from before the election because people are so angry. They're so angry [cheers and applause]. The radical left Democrats put America last, and that's where they intend to keep you. They wanna put us last. And nobody understands why. What the hell are they doing? Nobody really understands this like, do they love our country? Maybe they don't love our country. The only way you can do the things, they're not stupid, the only way you can do what they're doing is you have to hate our country. Historians will record this period of American history as a catastrophic low point and a stain upon our once great reputation. It's stained. But we'll get rid of that stain [cheers and applause].Never has our country been treated with such disrespect and scorned by other world leaders, they treat us like, they don't even talk to this guy. He calls them up. We haven't had a chance to call him back two weeks later. No, they don't even return his phone calls. I believe it started, after the way in which we withdrew from Afghanistan and when they looked at our border, the way they were taking advantage of us on the borders was so bad, you know, with they see it millions and millions of people coming in when they saw that other countries smart, they did things that nobody could believe that they were willing to do and, they saw the dead soldiers, they saw the wounded soldiers, they saw leaving American citizens, right now, they're called hostages, you have many citizens that the Taliban is holding. They didn't get enough with the $85 billion. Maybe you ought to go in and take it back [cheers and applause]. Dumbest thing I've ever seen. Finest military equipment in the world. They have 'em from the goggles, to the 700,000 machine guns, rifles, guns. You know, they're one of the largest arms sellers in the world. Now they're selling much of the equipment because they can't use it. 70,000 trucks. Now, I don't know anything about the automobile business except that I saved it for your state, okay? [cheers and applause]. But how many take the biggest car sales person? And company in the country. They don't have 70,000 cars or trucks, 70,000 trucks, many of them armor plated, many of them worth millions and millions of dollars. And they have it now. And then they did us the great honor of having a parade two weeks after we left, using the word left very nicely because I don't like the word surrendered. But we surrendered and there was no reason to. They had such, they were, they were fine. They were behaving. I said nobody being shot. We were gonna get out. We were there 21 years. I'm the one that got it down to 2000 soldiers. But I was gonna keep Bagram. You had to keep Bagram a big Air Force Base that's one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. Think about that. One hour away. We've never seen anything like this before, but we will come back and we will come back strong. You watch [cheers and applause].There could be no more vivid example than their anti-American energy agenda, inspired by the socialist joke known as the Green New Deal, [booing]. We're all environmentalists, we want clean air, we want clean water. You know, it's pretty amazing, right? So China is very dirty, very dirty. The air comes up, the fumes come up the everything comes up. It doesn't stay there. It floats to the United States. India. I love a lot of people in India, but it's very dirty. They have no pollution control. The air goes up and the air floats over to the United States. Every one of these countries, Russia. Take a look at the Arctic. They call it black ice. That's from dirty factories, and yet we're clean. Our air goes up and it's clean. So who the hell gets it? Nobody knows because it's clean [cheers and applause]. But what are we doing? And we're we're increasing of course, you look at these windmills that are all over the place, ruining farms, ruining land, ruining our landscape [booing]. And you remember I said, it is very intermittent energy, intermittent. Remember when I used to say during the campaign, darling, darling, I'd love to watch the president. I love the president. I'd love to watch him tonight in the debate. Debating mostly the commentators, not Joe [crowd laughs]. Like Chris Wallace, [booing] like Chris Wallace. I said, Joe, why did you and your family get three and a half million dollars from the wife of the mayor of Moscow? What did you do? And Chris Wallace said you have no right to ask that question. How good was that question now, right [cheers and applause].This week, Biden released a budget that proposes 11 new taxes on oil and gas production at a time of record high gas prices, which are making our enemies rich. These uh, these, these numbers at $150.00 a barrel, it's going much higher. It's gone much, much higher. California now's over $8 a gallon for gasoline.In addition, you're crazy Democrat governor, and your Attorney General [Dana Nessel] who's vicious [cheers and applause], and doesn't have a clue. But she is indeed vicious, what she's trying to do to people. They're trying to shut down Michigan's line. You know, this, right? Line 5. You know what, who knows what the hell Line 5 is? [cheers and applause]. Whoa. This is a very well-read crowd. But they're trying to shut down line 5 pipeline that provides 55% of all propane gas in the state of Michigan. They wanna close it. What the hell are they going to do? When it's closed, it's crazy. If Joe Biden was serious about fighting inflation and helping the middle class. The first thing he would do is walk into the White House briefing room and announce that he is immediately and completely returning the pro- American energy policies of a president named Donald John Trump. It's very simple [cheers and applause].So simple, it's so simple. Gas prices would immediately plummet. We had 'em down. In fact, I was having a problem. I got 'em so low, I had to raise them a little bit. Our energy companies would have gone out of business. You remember that? And we bought a lot of, a lot of it, we bought a lot of it for the strategic reserves. A lot of it at low prices, but we had it so low, that I started worrying not about the consumer, I started worrying about 'are these energy companies gonna make it?' But you know what they produced, and they produced big and we got it up a little bit, and the price of gasoline was at a record low. And you're heating and all of the other things, your electric bills are going down numbers that you had never seen before. And then this ca– really a catastrophic election took place, a disgraceful election, and all of a sudden you are having the worst problems with energy. But energy is the least of it.You have everything, you know. We did a book. Our journey together. Did anyone buy that book? [cheers and applause]. So, it's a table book. It's a beautiful book. I think it did so well because people loved– despite all of the hoaxes and all of the crap they pulled with Russia, Russia, Russia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, the Mueller report, all of the crap they pulled despite all of that impeachment hoax number 1, impeachment hoax number 2. Who the hell could take this kind of stuff? I thought it would be a lot of fun. It's not fun. But you know what, we produced for the American people, and we produced for our country, better than just about any other President in history. So in that way, it was fun [cheers and applause]. Thank you. Thank you.You know, it's funny somebody said today, 'is it true that you gave up your salary?' I didn't take salary and I figured a lot of rich presidents didn't take it. You know what? I was the only one they think that George Washington didn't. Now they'll come out tomorrow, they'll say 'ohh FDR [Franklin D. Roosevelt] or somebody', you know they'll come up with something. But I thought, you know, maybe FDR, maybe [John F.] Kennedy maybe, you know, some that had money that they wouldn't take. It's 450 thousand, 450 thousand, so I wouldn't take it. But if somebody stays in one of my rooms or hotel rooms for $500, $700 a night, it's like ohh I'm dealing with the Arabs. I'm taking advantage. Now think of it. But I gave up the salary, nobody– but every month they would call, the sleeves back there, the press. They would call. They'd say they'd say this: 'did he give up his salary this month?' And the answer is yes. Next month. 'Did he give up his salary this month?' The answer is yes. This went on for four years, right?And you know what was written? Nothing. But you know what? If they ever said 'no, he didn't', it would be a front page headline. Really. These are really disgraceful things. You know, we need our press back [cheers and applause]. We need a fair press. We need a fair press. And it would be– it would be so much easier to make America great again, it really would be so much easier to make our country– yeah, we have a corrupt press, corrupt like never before. Nobody could believe it. I dealt with the press. I used to get great press before I ran for politics. I had great press. That's one of the reasons I guess I ran. I got such good press, I ran! But I had great press and then all of a sudden I run, and we are of a conservative men.It's not conservative. You know what it is? It's really common sense [cheers and applause]. But I don't say conservative. I say it's common sense. We got to have strong borders, we've got to have good education, we want low taxes, biggest tax cut in history. We want low taxes, we want few regulations, biggest regulation cut in history. We want a powerful military. We built the greatest military, 2 and a half trillion dollars. All of these things, I mean it's– we want great schools, we want great schools [cheers and applause] and we want fair school boards, not crazy people. But from the border crisis to the energy crisis, from the Afghanistan disaster to the Ukraine disaster, all of this is a consequence of the rigged election. It's all a consequence.If we didn't have that election, you would have no inflation. We had no inflation. We had better than no inflation. We had 1%. You know they want 1%. They don't want to have– they want like, 1%. They even like 2%. I like 1% better. And if you're in the real estate business, you like inflation until everything crashes. What happens is you're makin' a fortune, then everything crashes, then it goes 'hume' [signals downhill motion with hand]. It goes up [signals hand up] and then it comes down [lowers hand]. But eventually that happens. But we had the best because we had 1%. It was perfect.Our gas prices were under $2.00 and way under, In some cases. Everything was good. We had more jobs ever. 160 million jobs. We had more jobs than we've ever had in our country in history [cheers and applause]. And that includes today we're 7 million under. But we had more jobs. We did a job like nobody's ever done. And you would think they'd like it. You'd think they'd say, hey, this– all they had to do, when they came in, despite the way they came in, is just go to the beach and relax [crowd laughs]. We had the border solve. We had the low taxes, we had the low regulations. Countries were coming into our country again. They were stopping bringing companies out of Michigan to move to other states and other– not other states, because, frankly, I will say, I said 'you want to move to another state, you can move, but you can't move to another country'. You can't move to another country [cheers and applause].And the truth is, I ran twice. We won twice and we did much better the second time than we did the first [cheers and applause]. And now we may have to do it again. May have to do it again. And just to cover it quickly, 'cuz I don't want to take a lot of time, but it's uhh– coming out this 'truth to vote', where they found all the thousands and thousands of ballot harvesters, you've seen that, 'truth to vote'. When you see that, that's coming out in 2 weeks. When do you see those numbers? I think it's 4 or 5 million people cheating. Those numbers are coming out. Now the press hates like hell to cover it. Ohh, and they go crazy because they have a lot of live television. I'm talking about this, they don't know what to do. They're saying 'should we turn off the cameras?' Who cares.But right here, just quickly in Michigan, your corrupt state officials sent out 7.7 million unsolicited mail-in ballot applications to everyone on the rolls [booing]. Including people that were dead, and those who no longer live in the state. Other than that it was wonderful. How many people got more than one? Actually, you wouldn't have that many. No, the Democrats got a lot more than one, but even you have a lot more than one. Now it's crazy when you hear 'mail in ballot', you can guarantee you have a corrupt election. You mail it in, and somebody is supposed to be at a house, and they send it back. You're guaranteed to have a corrupt election. Your radical Secretary of State Jocelyn Benson ordered [booing] – she ordered election clerks to assume that all signatures on mail in ballots were valid, which was later found by the Michigan State Court, to be flagrantly illegal, it was found. What happened? They didn't do anything. They didn't make any changes.[Mark] Zuckerberg! He used to come kiss my ass at the White House [cheers and applause]. 'Sir, Mr. Zuckerberg is on the phone. He'd love to have dinner with you, Sir.' He flooded local Michigan election officers, with nearly– nearly $17 million.You know, in a great state, Nebraska, a congressman, is being put in jail over a few dollars that he possibly didn't even know anything about. He's going to jail. A few thousand dollars, and yet this guy gives $417,000,000 to all these states. The money it's passed around like, uhh, like pizza, like pizza at a party. And nothing happens to him. They're putting this congressman, I don't know him well, but he's a congressman. And it was over a very small amount of money. They're gonna put him in jail. Over a number of thousands, like $20,000, and he said he didn't know about it. Now, who knows? Maybe he did, maybe, 20,000. This guy did $417 million among the different states. You got millions. You got millions and millions of dollars here. And the majority went to deep blue areas, and in particular, the corrupt Democrat-run cities, including the TCF Center in Detroit [cheers and applause]. That's an honest place. Where there was fraud and major irregularities.A lot of fraud, a lot of irregularities. But your Democrats didn't want to look. And you have a lot of RINO Republicans that didn't wanna look too [booing]. I think, in many ways the RINOS are worse than the Democrats because at least, you know where the Democrats are coming from, the RINOS are bad news. You know what, RINO is? Republican, in name only. So let's get this straight, the Democrats commit massive and overwhelming voter fraud in the 2020 presidential election and they want the Republicans to go to jail for investigating and protesting a very crooked election. Well, that sounds reasonable. The people that corrupted our election, they have no problem. The people that are looking for the truth and they're looking for the corruption which has largely been found, they should go to jail [cheers and applause]. They should go to jail. That's what the Democrats are saying. Republicans must get tough and smart and not let them get away with the crime of the century any longer [cheers and applause].As one critical step, we have to fire the radical Democrat officials who gave us this total calamity, starting with your Socialist Secretary of State, Benson. And your lawless Attorney General, Dana Nessel, she's very terrible [booing]. She's terrible.We're joined tonight by two incredible candidates who are going to beat those extreme leftists this November [cheers and applause]. They're great people. These are great people. I know him well. First I'm pleased to introduce your next Michigan Secretary of State. This is a wonderful woman with a beautiful mom and dad who I just met backstage. Kristina Karamo [cheers and applause]. Kristina, come up Kristina, is a mom. Come up, Kristina. A college professor, a Christian and a true American patriot [cheers and applause]. She is a fearless champion for election integrity [cheers and applause]. In November 2020, Kristina spent days at the TCF Center in Detroit and was appalled by the cheating and the corruption that she witnessed. Kristina bravely stepped forward and testified to the Michigan Legislature, and I will tell you she made such an impression. That's why everybody wants to vote for her right now. They love her [cheers and applause]. But the leftist RINOS didn't care what she said. They didn't want any part. They'd say 'Trump is winning big, he'll do it again.' No, no. What happened in the past? Do it again. We won't have a country left.So now Kristina is running for Secretary of State to clean up Michigan's election for good [cheers and applause]. And she's pledged to deliver citizenship confirmation, residency confirmation, little things like that, signature verification, the elimination of Zuckerberg 'drop box'– I call them the 'unlock boxes'. You know, they call 'em lock boxes. I call 'em unlock boxes. Ironclad chain of custody protections. And very importantly, she wants something very simple. It's called voter ID. Does that make sense? [cheers and applause].So Kristina is running to defeat Jocelyn– Jocelyn Benson, who is absolutely bad news for this state. She's so bad for this state. The die-hard left-wing radical who has gutted your states election integrity measures just weeks after the corrupt 2020 election. Benson ordered election clerks across the state to urgently delete all election files as soon as possible, in order to prevent a full audit. Kristina knows this. I just want to ask Kristina. I know she spoke before, but I was trying to get here. You know, we had very bad weather and they said, Sir, I don't think you're going to be able to make it, I said. My ass I won't be able to make it [cheers and applause]. No, it's true, Kristina. I said what are our chances of landing safely? They said at least 90%. I said okay, look. Now we had very bad weather and there was no way I was going to miss it and so I appreciate all the guys, that was a rough trip, I never knew an airplane could be so rough, Kristina. But I'd just like to ask Kristina, this is an incredible woman respected by everybody, and if you could say a few words, we'd love it [cheers and applause]. Thank you.KRISTINA KARAMO: First, I want– President Trump, thank you for what you did for our country. You pulled the scale off of so many people's eyes of how they're the cabal of people and leadership bent on destroying our country [cheers and applause]. Thank you. Thank you. We actually had a person in our presidency who loved our country and who didn't do it to advance himself, but to actually fight back. Thank you. But that's what we need in leadership [cheers and applause]. You know, what's interesting is, according to the state of Michigan, I didn't vote in the 2020 election. And what's so interesting of all the lies told about me, I-I that's the most infuriating thing. Like why would I spend all that time at the TCF center, knock doors for President Trump, and turn around and not vote. But then I foiled my application to vote, proving that I voted in the 2020 election, even though according to the state of Michigan, I didn't vote. And there are so many people across the state where, according to the Secretary of State, they voted different than they actually did vote. But we're insurrectionists, we're traitors, 'big lie' proponents for asking questions. But then our media protects corrupt politicians and demonizes the citizens for speaking up. So I am so excited to be your next Secretary of State to make sure that no matter who you vote for, what you believe, your vote counts and your vote isn't nullified by an illegal ballot [cheers and applause]. And I wanna thank President Trump, for all you've done for our country and you know what else President Trump? You inspired so many people to run for office, to stand up and fight back [cheers and applause] because he cannot do it by himself. It's an army of people across our state who are fighting back, little MAGA warriors and we're getting the job done. Thank you [cheers and applause].TRUMP: Wow. Wow. I want her to speak more, come up and speak again. No. Look, Kristina, feel good about your vote because somebody voted for you. Okay? That's what happened. Many, many people all over the country, they go to vote, Republicans like to vote on Election Day. Another thing we should go back to Election Day [cheers and applause], not where ballots are sitting in a storage room safely supported by, you know who is supporting them, right where they throw our 'Vote Watchers' out of, you saw that in Philadelphia, in Detroit. But the good news for Kristina is that her vote counted. Unfortunately, it counted for the person that she would have never wanted to see in office because somebody else voted for– that happened all over. People would come in to Philadelphia, Detroit, a lot of different places. They're so proud. They're so proud. 'I'd like to vote'. 'I'm sorry, ma'am, but you voted before'. 'No, no, no'. This is such a big thing, because whatever it is, Republicans want to vote on Election Day. 'No, no, I didn't vote. I have not voted. I love our president. I want to vote.' 'I'm sorry, ma'am. You voted.' This happened thousands and thousands of time. Now some people were angry beyond belief. Some people started to cry. Some people just left. They said, 'this is the system'. It's a corrupt system.We're like a third world country and we're going to stop it. And Kristina and Matt [DePerno] are going to lead that effort [cheers and applause]. So, thank you. A great job and your parents are beautiful. Where are your parents? Where are they? Boy oh boy. What– look at her mother and her father. They are beautiful [cheers and applause]. Thank you. Thank you very much. You've done a very good job and you're proud. You're proud of Kristina. Thank you, doll. Thank you. In addition, I need everyone to support, it's so important, these two positions, so important, and this is not just the election for it, this is crime in your state, crime in your cities.This is a lot of different things, but you have to support Michigan's next Attorney General, a great and powerful lawyer, a tough cookie, which is what you need. Somebody said, well, he's very tough. That's what you need. Who was putting his life, and reputation on the line? Matt DePerno [cheers and applause]. Matt is a lifelong Michigander, who has practiced law for 25 years, and a conservative warrior who will never fail the people of this state. In fact, you know, when I first met Matt, he was hated [cheers and applause]. When I first met– when I first met Matt, he was a lawyer up here who was hated by a lot of these weak politicians, the weak ones, the RINOS. Others loved him because he got the job done, but he did numbers on them that were unbelievable in the courts and he really held them accountable. He's a highly competitive person, after the 2020 election, Matt led the explosive investigation to what happened in Antrim County, where, among other irregularities, votes were switched by mistake [cheers and applause] and had to be corrected.You know, we caught them, right? Lot of votes too. Ohh, they said 'ohh, ohh, ohh it was just a mistake'. Ohh okay good it was a mistake. The machines made a little mistake. Thank you very much for acknowledging after they get caught. Gee, that was a mistake. After people pointed out that it was impossible that Trump had lost. These are areas where we had vast majorities and we lost. So when they went in, they found out that, the vote was correct, except then they found out that it was a big mistake and they apologized. Hell of a lot of good that did us. As your Attorney General, Matt will defend your Second Amendment [cheers and applause], he will crack down on violent crime and he will ensure free, fair and honest elections [cheers and applause].But before he can defeat soft on crime, and she's soft on crime, she's only strong on Republicans, Dana Nessel this fall, Matt, who is a true warrior– and I mean this, he's a tough cookie, we need a tough cookie– he must first defeat a guy who really had a chance to do the job, he's a RINO named Tom Leonard [booing]. I don't know him, I just hear–horrible, horrible things. He had a chance. Leonard is weak on election integrity and he had his chance to-to correct it. He had a great opportunity to correct it, but he didn't have the guts to do so. That's not what we want. He's a RINO. He's not going to do a damn thing, Matt. Say a few words. We love this guy. Thank you [cheers and applause].MATT DEPERNO: Thank you. You know, thank you, President Trump, you are an inspiration [cheers and applause]. And a great leader, and I say this the greatest president in the history of this country [cheers and applause]. And I tell you this: this is what the MAGA movement is about. Remember in January 2017, when Donald Trump was inaugurated, he stood on those steps in Washington, DC, and remember that picture with those two people sitting his over his left shoulder: George. W Bush and Barack Obama [booing]. I remember their picture vividly because President Trump said to every one of us, he said 'today, I give the country back to the people' [cheers and applause]. And that– that is what we mean when we say America first candidates, and Michigan first candidates. That's what we're talking about. That's what we're going to do in November. We are going to beat these Democrats. No longer will we allow the elites in this country to control our elections and to control us. In the spring of 2020, Governor Whitmer shut down our state [booing]. And some of us stood up and fought against it. Never submit to tyranny [cheers and applause]. When I am elected as Attorney General, we will change this in this state, we will restore this state back to what it once was, a Constitutional Republic [cheers and applause]. I will return the office back to the law firm for the people. where I will represent everyone of you, but it starts at the Convention coming up. Every one of you delegates need to get to your county conventions. Donald Trump is still the leader of this party [cheers and applause]. And Donald Trump has come here today and said to every one of you delegates, 'support Matt DePerno, support Kristina Karamo.' So let me hear it from you right now, are you going to do that? [cheers and applause]. This right here is the continuation of the MAGA movement and we have President Donald Trump to- to- to thank for that, the 45th President of the United States, and I dare say I hope the 47th [cheers and applause]. [To Trump] Thank you. [To crowd] Thank you. [To Trump] Appreciate it.CROWD: [chanting] TRUMP. TRUMP. TRUMP. TRUMP. TRUMP. TRUMP.TRUMP: Thank you, Matt. Thank you. Great job. And he is really tough and that's just what you need. He is a– he's a killer. We need a killer. And he's a killer in honesty. He's an honest, hard working guy, who was feared up here. I just said I have to meet this guy. Who the hell is he? I'm the one that said, why don't you run? I'm telling you, Matt, you're gonna win. And you and Kristina have just taken it by storm. Everyone loves you both and you're gonna get to the bottom of everything, and you're gonna stop crime [cheers and applause], just basic crime in this state. You look at what's happening and you– look at what's happening in Detroit and other parts of your state. It's a disgrace. He'll be there and Kristina will be there. These critical nominations for Secretary of State and Attorney General will take place at the state convention on April 23rd, but the delegates for the state convention will be chosen at your county conventions on April 11th, so you have the conventions on April 11th for the county. We have some of those great delegates, candidates, and others here tonight. I'm going to introduce a few people that have been just outstanding. I love 'em. They know what went on. They are just– they cannot believe what went on. They did so well. We did so well. We did, uhh, much better than we did the first time. We did much, much better. You know the most angry person anywhere in this country is Hillary Clinton, [booing] because she said, why the hell didn't you do that for me? She's angry at the Democrats. She wants to know why they didn't do it for her.CROWD: [chanting] LOCK HER UP. LOCK HER UP. LOCK HER UP. LOCK HER UP.TRUMP: Thank you. She's saying, you know, you found all these votes, 'why the hell couldn't you have found 10,000 votes for me?' she said. She's a very angry person. At the county convention, be sure to ask every candidate running– and you have to do this for state convention– if they will support the Trump ticket. We have an incredible ticket of people and if they won't give you that assurance, don't give them your vote [cheers and applause]. And remember, this is not just about 2022. This is about making sure Michigan is not rigged and stolen again in 2024 [cheers and applause]. Remember that. So whatever you do, make sure you send a slate of delegates to support Kristina Karamo and Matt DePerno. They're outstanding people, they are unbelievable people. I don't do this– I have to be honest– I don't do this often. I don't do this often for state people. This is so important.What happened in Michigan is a disgrace. It's a disgrace. If you do, they will protect us from a corrupt election. So we're also joined by members of Congress, great people, real fighters for Trump, John Moolenaar. John, where's John? John, thank you very much [cheers and applause]. Great job, warrior. Thank you. Thank you. Say hello to everybody. We have a lot of good friends. And somebody that got a big round of applause, I hear, Lisa McClain [cheers and applause]. Lisa. Thank you. Thank you. Great job. Great job, Lisa. Thank you. Warriors.And a great new candidate for Congress, who was a brilliant student at Stanford and Harvard. He went to Stanford, he went to Harvard. He's a brilliant guy. He was a great student. John Gibbs [cheers and applause], who by the way, is running against one of the 10 impeachers. A guy who spells his name, [Peter] M-E-I-J-E-R, but they pronounce it Meyer [cheers and applause]. The hell kind of is spelling is that Meyer. Meijer. It's Meijer. But it's actually pronounced Meyer. I said, how the hell do you pronounce this guy's name? Nobody knows him. He's done nothing in Washington. I said, how do you pronounce his name? Is it major, Meijer? They said it's Meyer. How the hell do you get Meyer out of it?But I'd like to ask John Gibbs to come up, this Meyer thought he was going to get some free publicity [cheers and applause]. Hopefully that fake vote will cost him the election. John Gibbs, a brave man, a great man, a brilliant student. Come on up [cheers and applause].JOHN GIBBS: First of all, thank you, President Trump. Thank you for the model you provide for every decent American to stop being afraid for a change [cheers and applause]. Aren't you guys tired of people being scared of being called names, being scared of being cancelled, being scared of their own shadow? But President Trump has shown us a model for all the regular, decent people all around the country can finally stand up and stop being afraid and do what's right [cheers and applause]. Do you think all these Mama bears, these wonderful and amazing Mama bears in the school board meetings? We wouldn't be doing that without President Trump's leadership and model he provided for how to stand up against a corrupt system. So let's keep doing that and let's not be too nice like we always have been. Let's start being a little bit tougher. Let's start being a little bit more ferocious. Let's have some sharp teeth when we go "arghhh" [cheers and applause]. Isn't that what we learned from President Trump. That is what we've learned. I'm running against one of the biggest RINOS in Congress, who voted to impeach President Trump, the greatest president, as his first vote as a congressman, [booing]. He's got to go. He's got to get out of there [cheers and applause]. So let's get out in November. Let's support the Trump candidates and support me, especially, running in the Grand Rapids area, West Michigan, Third District. Let's go. Let's get Peter Meijer out of there [cheers and applause]. Let's support President Trump's agenda and Congress. Vote. John Gibbs, thank you. And thank you, President Trump [cheers and applause].TRUMP: Thank you, John. Just a second– and just– so he was– he was considered by Ben Carson, a fantastic guy to be– Ben ran 'HUD' [Housing and Urban Development]– and John was a missionary for a long while. Very religious person. And then he went to work with the other people and did unbelievably well. And Ben Carson asked him to come into 'HUD' and Ben was the first person that told me about John, and said Ben would love to see this happen. He said he's one of the smartest people he's ever dealt with, and that's a good recommendation 'cuz Ben is just an outstanding person. So uhh thank you, John. John is special. Thank you, John.Also with us are state representatives. Matt Maddox. Have any– has anyone ever heard of Matt? [cheers and applause]. And a really good guy. They changed districts on him. Because I would have supported him for one thing. But we're gonna support him for state rep and he's done a fantastic job.Steve Carra [cheers and applause]. Steve, where's Steve? Steve Carra, thank you, Steve. Thank you, Steve. Great job, great job. They changed the district so many times. Nobody knew what the hell was happening.Now we have a candidate for governor who's very popular, who's a fantastic, brilliant candidate, Tudor Dixon [cheers and applause]. Tudor. Thank you, Tudor. Thank you. I heard you're doing well too.And we have some State House candidates and I'd like to introduce these people 'cuz it's very important. It all starts here. Mick Bricker [cheers and applause]. Jacky Eubanks [cheers and applause]. Mike Hoadley [cheers and applause]. Kevin Rathbun [cheers and applause]. Angela Rigas [cheers and applause]. Jonathan Rocha [cheers and applause]. Rachelle Smit [cheers and applause]. Thank you all. And you're all leading very– They're all endorsed by me. Everyone of them. You're all leading very substantially, I hear. And you're gonna give those few names to our friends, right? They had a couple of other recommendations, and I'll listen to them.And state Senate candidates, Mike Detmer [cheers and applause]. Jonathan Lindsey [cheers and applause]. They all have my complete and total endorsement. Congratulations. Go get 'em. You're leading big. You're leading big. They're all leading big.We were in Texas few weeks ago, 33 and O, we have a good record on endorsements. The press hates to talk about it.CROWD MEMBER: I love you!TRUMP: Thank you for– and I love you too. Thank you, darling. It's very good. Stand up. I want to see what– I want to see who loves me [cheers and applause]. 'Cuz I actually– Oh! [reaction to cheers]CROWD: [chanting] WE LOVE TRUMP. WE LOVE TRUMP. WE LOVE TRUMP.Now I had a woman say it, and I just see it and she's great, thank you very much. And there was a guy that said it– and I love him. It's not my thing, but I love him too [crowd laughs]. I love him too. Thank you very much. Thank you. Is there anything better than a Trump rally? [cheers and applause]. Seriously, is there anything better? What would we be doing right now? Would be sitting home, watching television, eating, eating, eating, eating, calling people bored, and here we are, having a good time trying to save our country, right? [cheers and applause].It's true. We're saving our country. We're going to save it. Start right here in Michigan. You ever see Biden when he says it's great to be with the people of Ohio? No, no, you're in Michigan [crowd laughs]. No, no. Or, he's in Florida and he says it's great to be with the people of Iowa. No, no, no. They're palm trees out there [crowd laughs]. They don't have palm trees. Then he says this is a beautiful Sunday afternoon to be with– no, no, no, this is Saturday. If I ever made a mistake like that, then say 'he should get out of office immediately.' But Biden used to make it all the time. He still does, actually. They corrupt– How about he makes a press conference and they always have like 4 corrections? No, he didn't mean that. He didn't mean what he said. He didn't mean any of it. Actually, it's very insulting, though. You know, you're the president, on all these people, that half of them didn't have a job a year and a half ago and they're correcting everything he says. Actually, they'd be better off if they just left it. It would probably be better off. Let the mistakes stan.For years, corrupt politicians shut down your factories, shipped away your jobs and sold off your industries to the other side of the world. Wonderful place. The other side. We lost 32% of your automobile manufacturing business, before I came into office. Think of it thirty 32, 34% and I predicted it would only get worse. And then I was named, a long time ago– I was named– did you know this? A long time, I don't know, your Chamber of Commerce? Somebody. Who the hell knows what it is? They named me the man of the year in Michigan [cheers and applause]. And I got up, and I said they're stealing your car business. And I was really rebuked. They said that wasn't a very nice thing to say. I said, but it's the truth, and I was right. That was a long time ago, man of the year in Michigan. We've been doing this stuff a long time, actually.But with the help of everyone here today, over 4 incredible years, we saved American manufacturing. And we did it for the state of Michigan, probably as much or more than any other state, because we saved your automobile business, we saved the steel business, we taxed China, we put tariffs and taxes on China like nobody ever thought possible. My first week in office, I withdrew from the terrible Trans-Pacific Partnership, which would have been the death blow, a death knell for the US auto industry, auto people call me, they said 'please don't let that happen, Sir.' And I immediately killed it.I renegotiated Obama's horrendous Korea trade deal and disaster. Made it a very good deal and saved our auto workers from unfair foreign competition. I ended the horrible, probably the worst trade deal ever made by any country, NAFTA disaster. And replaced it with the brand new USMCA, Mexico and Canada, creating hundreds of thousands of jobs for American auto workers and workers. And you know, now they're trying to renegotiate the deal. Mexico and Canada want to renegotiate the deal because it's no good for them, which makes me feel good, frankly. And they shouldn't do it.CROWD MEMBER: Get rid of Trudeau!TRUMP: He says get rid of [Justin] Trudeau [cheers and applause]. No. He treated us very nicely because he signed the deal. I didn't think I'd get them to sign it, but it's a– it's gone from the worst deal made to the best deal made and everyone said that couldn't be done. You know, we had to get it through Congress. Everyone said it couldn't be done, and Mexico and Canada have a lot of a lot of juice in Congress. I hate to tell you that, but we got it done and it's a great deal. And I hope Biden doesn't renegotiate that like he's doing with the Iran nuclear deal, which is a disaster.I stood up for Chinas abuses like no president in history charging China– we charged China hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes and tariffs, which saved our steel, and it saved our auto industry, among others. And no president has ever charged China. Not ten cents. Not ten cents. They never got charged. They were killing us. We had a deficit with China of 507 billion dollars, with a B. Nobody knows what that even means. It's so big and in my opinion not sustainable. And that was all set to bring it down to even. And then we had some bad news. Some strange votes came in late at night, 3:00 in the morning, a lot of strange things happened. I also authorized billions of dollars to save and rebuild Michigan's vital Soo Locks and got you hundreds of millions of dollars for Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, which is a big deal hundreds of millions [cheers and applause]. They've been trying to get that money for many years. The Democrats wouldn't give it, I got it. And they're doing great work too, I understand, including on the locks, those locks were falling apart. Those locks were not locks.But now Biden and the Radical Democrats have put at risk everything that we fought to build in this country. Biden's inflation calamity will cost the average family an estimated $5,200 this year, a giant tax on the American workers. That's bigger than any tax increase that you could have. And they want to raise your taxes. Real wages are falling, and we are teetering on the edge of an economic nightmare known as 'stagflation'. Does anybody know stagflation? You don't wanna know. That's simultaneous inflation and recession. How does that sound good? It's not good. And this week Biden released a budget with plans to turbocharge this disaster. With record high spending, the largest tax increase in history and a business tax hike that will export millions of jobs back to China and other foreign countries and guarantee that companies will leave the United States in record numbers to go elsewhere. You know, they were all coming back under me. I gave them tremendous incentives to come back. I also gave them, they had, trillions of dollars, $6 trillion outside of the United States. They couldn't get it back in, because of regulation and because of the ridiculous tax. And I got it back in. They came back in and we simplified the regulations and we lowered the tax, so they brought the money back in and they spent the money building in the United States. These are the things we did. These are just a small portion of the things we did.Even 'right to try'. We'll go into a different subject. Right to try, where people that were terminally ill would travel the world if they had money. If they didn't have money, they'd literally go home and die. They'd go home and die. We have the greatest scientists in the world. We have the greatest labs in the world and we have medicines that are good but they won't be approved for five years. I took it down from twelve years down to five, and I was gonna get it a lot lower than that, but they had to wait for years to get it approved by the FDA. The good old FDA [booing]. And what happened– and what happened is right to try. I got it. If somebody was terminally ill or very ill and they could prove that, they got the right to use this brand new, beautiful medicine that won't be approved for another period of time, and thousands and thousands of lives are being saved all over the country [cheers and applause]. Just another thing that we did. Another thing that we did. Thousands of lives have been saved, and everyone said we couldn't, it had to get that one through Cong– you know, sounds simple. They've been trying to do it for 44 years. They couldn't get it done. They said the country will have liability. I said that's OK. They'll sign a document saying we're not gonna hold the country liable. The company will have liability. That's OK. We'll sign that the company won't have any liability. They say the pharmaceuticals companies don't want, because if people are terminally ill that means they're very far down the line, and they don't want it on their record. They want to show that this product works. I said that's OK. We'll have a separate list, so that it won't affect them. They said, well, that's very good. That's all very good. And we got it done thousands and thousands of lives. What do you say? [cheers and applause].But with respect to our country, do not lose hope, because with the right leadership, America will be back greater, stronger and more powerful than ever before [cheers and applause]. One of the first things we will do when Republicans retake Congress, and it could be big, let's not talk about it. It could be big. I heard today 68 seats, but I don't wanna say that, because if it's 67, they'll say 'Trump suffered a humiliating defeat' [crowd laughs]. Now I heard numbers from 20 to 68, 68 so far the highest. Every week it seems to get higher. All of these Democrat Congress people are retiring because they're getting their asses kicked in every poll because they're so incompetent [cheers and applause]. But we're gonna to retake Congress. Bring Joe Biden and Crazy Nancy Pelosi's socialist spending spree to a screeching halt. Our country can't take it any longer.Another top priority for Republican majorities will be to pass a bill immediately terminating every single COVID mandate. And nobody suffered like Michigan [cheers and applause]. Nobody suffered stronger than what she did to Michigan. I don't believe– I don't even think New York suffered like you did, gee. Everybody but her husband had to stay in. He could go ice skating. He could do whatever, the hell he– who is the husband? Man, that guy had a hell of a life while you were locked inside your homes. You weren't allowed to go out and cut your grass. You couldn't paint the outside of your house. You're not gonna get COVID by painting your house. But this guy was allowed to go cruising on the lakes. I want to see what this guy looks like. He must be a handsome son of a bitch to get away with it [crowd laughs].No one ever mentions that, despite crushing our citizens with mandates and restrictions, Biden presided over more COVID deaths in 2021 than we had in all of 2020. Think of that. With all of the things that we did, and all of the therapeutics, all of the great things we did, more deaths. Biden and your governor, Gretchen Whitmer, imposed rules on you that they did not abide by themselves [cheers and applause]. In fact, if you take a look around and look at her friendships, and look at her people, not only her husband, they took advantage of her and they took advantage of you. They totally failed on the pandemic and now they are trying to walk away from COVID like nothing happened. But Americans will remember the Democrats COVID tyranny this November. They're already [inaudible] – I hear, they said there's another strain coming in, we're gonna have to lock everybody up [booing]. Everybody gets locked up. They like that. Gives them power. Gives them power. We will never forget what they did to our children and to your children [cheers and applause]. We will never forget. You look at the difference with Republican-run states. Take a look at the difference, like day and night. And that includes also crime. It's like day and night. The crime in Democrat-run cities and states, it's never– nobody's ever seen anything like it.I was given great praise for all we did on Operation Warp Speed. We did a great job with regard to therapeutics and everything else. So much else, from making ventilators and making masks and making everything. In addition, a Republican Congress must stand up for parental rights. It's about time, right? [cheers and applause]. Parental rights. Parental rights. As President, I was proud to issue the world's first ban on critical race theory. [cheers and applause]. Joe Biden rescinded that order immediately. But when we retake Congress, Republicans must ban critical race theory in our schools, ban it in our military, and ban it in every part of our federal, state and local governments [cheers and applause].Furthermore, America's moms and dads must be given a veto over anyone teaching far left gender theories to their children in school without parental consent [cheers and applause]. It's unbelievable. This week, the Biden administration released guidance endorsing hormone therapy, puberty blockers, and sex-changing surgeries for children and minor youth. Can you imagine a child, and then they grow up and they said, why the hell did you do that to me, mom or dad or government– or government? Biden's Department of Justice has also announced they will punish medical doctors who refuse to perform irreversible, and highly controversial transgender procedures [booing]. I can't even believe it.Who the hell would have ever believed we'd even be talking about this stuff, right? Who would believe it? With their extremist sex and gender ideology, the Democrat Party is waging war on reality, war on science, war on children, war on women [cheers and applause]. The Republican Party is now, the Party of American Women and American children, and we will protect women in sports, women in sports, [cheers and applause] and not allow men to enter into the women's game.CROWD: [chanting] WE LOVE TRUMP. WE LOVE TRUMP. WE LOVE TRUMP.TRUMP: You know, I say it all the time. Those people, [pointing to crowd behind him], their seat is not as good as yours, but they're all famous. And some will go to Hollywood someday. There's a producer out there watching. And you have plenty of conservative producers in Hollywood. They just don't like to talk about it. Who'd you vote for? Well, I didn't vote for Trump. Then they get in there. 'Hmm. I'm gonna vote for it. Trump. Trump. Trump.' I like paying low taxes. I like having good military, good education, low regulation [cheers and applause]. Then they come out. Who'd you vote for? 'Uh I'd rather not say.' Anybody that would rather not say, that means they voted for Trump [cheers and applause]. There were a lot of them. That's why they thought I lost the election. Remember 2016? And we had one person that called it right, but they came out, and they never had anything like this. Who did you vote for? 'Screw you'. Ohh. Who did you vote for? 'I don't wanna tell you, it's not of your damn business.' Who'd you– they never had– it was like 40, 50% of the people said that, and then some would say, crooked Hillary Clinton and some would say Trump, right? This was on the 16 election where we didn't do nearly as well as the 20, but these are minor details. But they'd say Clinton. And so I got a call at 5:00 in the afternoon. I thought we did so well, 'Sir, I have some pretty bad news. It's looking really bad. A lot of people are saying the exit vote, you know it's an exit vote where these sleaze bags back there [referring to press], they ask the people, they say, 'who did you vote for?' And everybody said that uhh– she was gonna lean and she was leaning big.But one person then called, and it was sad, I actually went to our great First Lady [Melania Trump] who everybody loves our First Lady [cheers and applause]. They love our First Lady. She was a great First Lady, elegant woman and she loves you. But they– I went to our first lady, I said, 'darling, you know the athletes. I left it all in the field'. I did. I came back from Michigan, by the way [cheers and applause]. I think Grand Rapids, right, Grand Rapids [cheers and applause]. I-I arrived at 4 o' clock in the morning. We made a– we had a great time and great– the place was packed with 34,000 people standing outside of that Amphitheatre type place. But I went to the First Lady, I said it looks bad, looks really bad, but I don't feel bad because I left it all out on the field. I was doing five and six major rallies a day for a week. Who the hell could do that? [cheers and applause]. Who could do that? Nobody could do that. Nobody could.Biden couldn't do that. Biden couldn't. He couldn't do one. Couldn't do a half, couldn't do a sentence. And if I would have made one mistake. If there was one mispronunciation of a complex word, they would have said Trump is losing it. With Biden, they say ohh it's okay.But it's true. I did– I did 5, I did one day where I did 6. These are big rallies too. These are with 30, 40, 50,000 people. I go into one, I go into another. We landed. We got a good system. We'd land that beautiful plane and we'd just get off the plane, do a rally at the airport. I didn't have to travel. But we did a lot. And it was looking good, it was feeling good, the spirit was unbelievable and then I got this call, 'Sir. It's not looking good. I'm telling you, Sir, it's just not'. He wanted to be nice. This person that called, good person, he went to– I said give it to me. 'It's not looking good, Sir.' I said why? 'Because the exit voting is looking really bad.'And they started going on television and the, you know, these geniuses on television, right, these people that are so bad. 'Sleepy Eyes' Chuck Todd. The whole group. And they were saying it's looking bad for Trump. At that time, it wasn't president. It's looking bad for Trump. There's gonna be a long night for Trump, meaning long night in a bad way. This is gonna be over very quickly. And then about 45 minutes later, I got a call from a real political expert. And he said, you know, you're doing great in Michigan. You're doing great in Pennsylvania. You're doing unbelievable in North Carolina. You're going to win Florida big, we did it a second time. I think they spent $300 million against me in Florida. I never saw so many negative ads, right? And I spent about 3 1/2 dollars and we crushed them [cheers and applause]. That's because the election was honest. We crushed him here, too. I hate to tell you, we crushed him here. We crushed him here too.And where is Meshawn [Maddock]? Is she here? Where's Meshawn? Where is you? Stand up. We crushed them. Meshawn Maddock, who's in charge of a lot of different things and a good person with her husband is going to be the boss very soon. Congratulations. Thank you for everything.But we crushed him. But anyway, so they came out, they came out and they said, 'Sir, it's looking bad.' This one guy called up, he said no, there's never been a time where so many people didn't respond, or responded with the F-word to these people because they hated 'em. The passion and the hatred of the media. So they'd use terrible language in some cases, and in some cases they just said I don't want to say. And he said we consider almost all of those people as Trump voters. You're gonna– you're gonna win big, and we won big, he was right. So I went to the first lady, I said 'I don't think we're going to make it darling. But you know what? I left it on the field.' And I felt okay. I was okay, you know. If you don't make it and it's fair and square, that's acceptable. That's okay. But if you win in a landslide, and they steal it and rig it, it's no good. It's not acceptable. It's no good. Be a lot easier for me to say oh– be a lot easier for me to do, like many people have done, get up and just say congratulations. Whoever it is I'm running against. I mean, if you're running, I'd say congratulations, Joe.Now watch, if I say it, I don't want to say it because they'll put it on– like this is what they do. Remember the Russia, if you're listening thing. So they cut it off immediately 'cuz it was a joke. Russia, if you're listening, you do this or that with her emails, or whatever the hell [inaudible]. They– and then I laughed, they laughed the whole place was laughed, but they cut it off immediately, said Russia, if you're listening, cut. They can do more with that tape than they can do with the pen writing their fake stories. Really.So, this guy calls up and he said, ya know what? Ya know what? I think you're gonna win. You're gonna win Florida, definitely. You're gonna win North Carolina. You're gonna win Pennsylvania. You're gonna win Michigan, we think– we think. And so I went back to the First Lady, I said, uhh, forget what I told you an hour ago. It's looking slightly better. No, this guy's attitude was anybody that says we're not going to tell you, he considered that a vote. So that was different because the other people, they don't consider it. He did, he said, you know what? I think that's a vote for Trump. And he said you're going to win. So I was quite happy. And then in the evening, we did win and we won big [cheers and applause]. We won big, and we won big in Michigan. We won big in your state, and I think we did a hell of a job. We saved your auto industry. We, we saved your steel industry. We saved a lot of things.In addition, we should have 0 tolerance for woke CEO's who get rich off the world's worst human rights abuses abroad [cheers and applause]. while they push radical politics into our classrooms here and at home. Giant corporations that do business in Communist China, while they attack our values here in America, should face a massive, crushing tax on all profits coming out of China. And I was getting ready to do that [cheers and applause].They should lose all tax breaks and all preferential treatment under U.S. law. The American people will not sit idly by and allow our children to be indoctrinated, segregated, and mutilated by the lunatic left [cheers and applause]. Not gonna stand for it. Not gonna stand for it.Another key step for a Republican Congress will be to restore free speech in America [cheers and applause]. You know, they say that in Russia, the people in Russia don't even know they're having a war because they have a rigged press. We have the same rigged press. Maybe not quite as severe, but it'll be there in the not too distant future.Both the New York Times and the Washington Post have now finally admitted that Hunter Biden's laptop, the laptop from Hell, is real. Which I think that was– I came up with that name, didn't I come up with that name first? I think so. I never get credit for fake news. I never get credit for the laptop from Hell. I never get credit for Crooked Hillary. We had so many great names. I won't go into the Republican names 'cuz I like them all now. But we [laughs] he goes– we [inaudible]. We don't want to do that. I'm actually getting along with them very well, I'd rather not do that. But we came up with some pretty good names. But this is the laptop from hell.And pollsters say that we would have brought an additional 17 points to our already record setting election. You know, I won more votes than any sitting president in history by many millions [cheers and applause]. We were told that if you got the same thing as last time 63 by John McLaughlin, great pollster; Towery, great pollster. Sir, if you get 63 million again, you'll win in a landslide. We got almost 75 million votes and we didn't win. Something's wrong there. You ever see the bookies in Vegas? They're smart. Vegas bookies and London bookies. It's like starting at around 50,50 and then 60,40, then it's 70,30. Going up, up, up, up, it's going, then we're almost at 100%. And they called off the bets. It was over. And then they said, wait a minute, something's going on over here. And some of them, many of them wouldn't take any more bets. They said something's wrong here, because they thought the election was over. So did I. About 10 o' clock in the evening, a lot of the people, I would say, almost all of the people in this room said this election is over. We did a great job together. But you know, there's an expression, sometimes the vote counter is far more important than the candidate, and we can't let that ever happen again. And we have to get to the bottom of what happened in 2020 [cheers and applause]. And we pretty much know.Matt, Kristina, good luck. It's an easy one. Detroit is going to be easy. Detroit will be very easy for them. They're gonna look at Detroit. You don't even have to go any further. We're just seven months away from the most important midterm victory in American history, and we need a landslide so big that the radical left cannot rig it or steal it. You know, at a certain point, like in Florida, like in Texas, remember they said Texas is in play. You know what that means? It's going to be close. I said wait a minute. What they're trying to do is rig it, because it's gonna be close. I said, how is it close? I'm for oil. I'm for God. I'm for guns. Second Amendment [cheers and applause].They want no oil. How does this play in Texas? They want no oil. They want no God, and they want no guns. How does that play? No guns, no oil, no God in Texas. And then they say it's going to be close. It wasn't close. We'd knocked the hell out of 'em. But, but we have to win big because there's a certain point at which they can't cheat anymore. It reaches a certain point. We actually, I believe, they substantially went over in some cases where they had more votes than they had voters. Would you say that's a problem? [cheers and applause]. They had more votes. I do believe Detroit, they had more votes than voters, right? They had more votes than voters. Little thing like that, we had more votes than voters. Other than that, it was a very honest election.This is the year, and by the way, could you imagine Schumer if that happened in reverse? [Chuck] Schumer would have never allowed that to pass. This guy, Mitch McConnell, is the worst [booing]. This is the year we're going to take back the House. We're going to take back the Senate and we're going to take back America [cheers and applause]. And in 2024, most importantly, we are going to take back our beautiful White House [cheers and applause].With a Republican Congress, we will fight for more jobs for Michigan families, fair trade for Michigan workers, and more Michigan factories, forging more products stamped with that beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA" [cheers and applause]. That's a beautiful phrase. We will shut down Joe Biden's border disaster. Institute stay in Mexico, I made a deal with Mexico. I said you gotta keep them in Mexico. They said no way. I said that's okay. We're gonna tax every damn car you send into our country. They said, like we said, we'd love to keep them in Mexico [crowd laughs]. We're going to reimpose Title 42, which just today they ended, basically that says they can't come into our country. That means they're all gonna come into our country at a level that you haven't seen yet. Title 42 is my deal. Add to and strengthen Border Patrol and ICE and law enforcement, and we will again end catch and release.We will end chain migration, we will end the visa lottery and we will finish, it could be done in a few weeks, finish the wall. The wall is almost complete [cheers and applause]. That's one of the reasons we had such good numbers. Took us 2 and a half years of litigation over 11 lawsuits and we won them all. We won them all. You know, we appointed over 300 judges. Can you imagine that? Three Supreme Court justices.One and a half years ago, we had the strongest border in our history. Today we have the weakest border in our history with drugs and criminals pouring into our country like never before, And we will hold China accountable for unleashing the virus [cheers and applause]. We have to do it. Have to do it. There are ways to do it. We will stop the Biden crime wave in Democrat-run cities. We will give our police officers our 100% support and respect [cheers and applause]. We will give them back their power to do the job like only they are capable of doing, and we will restore law and order in America and in particular, in our out-of-control Democrat-run cities and states. We will do it whether they like it or not, because it's at a point– look, the one good thing about the catastrophic election result, is that people see how bad they are. If I had won and everything was honest, legit and I just kept running, we would have continued to go through all this stuff about all these wonderful things. Now they've had a chance to destroy our country in four years. So when we go back, if we go back, if it's me, you got a lot of– you get some good candidates [cheers and applause] and you have some bad candidates, but you know what? If I do make you happy, if I do make you happy, would anybody here like to see me run? [cheers and applause]. So if we do it, we'll do it, just uhh we can do things the right way and we'll be able to do it and nobody will be able to criticize us, because nobody has ever run a country worse in our history and in most other countries' history, then the United States of America has been run for the last 15 months, so we'll be able to do it right, and we're gonna bring back law and order. We will protect innocent life [cheers and applause]. We will defend our Constitution. We will defend the Second Amendment and we will proudly upheld– we will uphold the Judeo-Christian values and principles of our nations founding [cheers and applause]. We will restore patriotic education to our schools, and we will teach our children to love their country, honor our history and to always respect our great, beautiful American flag [cheers and applause].So in conclusion, our MAGA movement is by far the greatest political movement in the history of our country. And the radical left is not, and will not even challenge that statement, because there's never been anything like this movement and the fake news media back there never challenges it, I say it all the time. This is the greatest because they can't– this is the greatest movement. You elected a president twice, and we're gonna possibly have to do it a third time [cheers and applause].Together, we're standing up against some of the most sinister forces, entrenched interests and vicious opponents our people have ever seen, or our country has ever seen. Despite all you're hearing and seeing of China and Russia and Iran and others, our biggest danger is not from outside coming in. Our biggest danger is from the sick, and radical politicians that are, knowingly or unknowingly, wanting to destroy our country [cheers and applause]. It's the biggest danger. It's a bigger danger than Russia and China.But no matter how big or powerful these corrupt radicals may be, you must never forget this nation does not belong to them, this nation belongs to you, the people that built it [cheers and applause]. This is your home. This is your heritage, and our American liberty is your God-given right [cheers and applause]. It's God-given.From Midland to Mackinac, from Lansing to Grand Rapids, and from Battle Creek– I love that cereal [crowd laughs]. To right here in Washington Township, we inherit the legacy of Michigan Patriots who gave their blood sweated tears for this beloved nation. This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line. That's not bad. It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler, and Kellogg revolutionized entire industries. And Michigan is the state that gave us Motown and Mustang [cheers and applause]. And rivaled might. You gave us the rival, the might of the Great American Midwest. That's big stuff.It was hard working patriots like you, who built this country, and together we are going to save our country, we can't let this happen. We are going to fight for America like no one has ever fought before. We will not let radical left lunatics or RINOS, who are unwilling to fight because they're weak and they're very stupid, take away from us what has been so brilliantly built for nearly 250 years. We will not let climate 'hoaxsters' and extremists use the sanctity of our climate to destroy our country and put us at an economic disadvantage to others who do nothing but talk, complain, cajole and laugh at the stupidity of America and its politicians.There is no mountain we cannot climb. There is no summit we cannot reach. There is no challenge we cannot meet. There is no victory we cannot have. We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never give in. We will never give up. We will never, ever back down, as long as we are confident and united [cheers and applause]. The terrible and very sick people that we are fighting do not stand a chance of victory because we are Americans. You built this country. You built this country, and Americans kneel to God and God alone [cheers and applause].My fellow citizens, this incredible journey we are on together has only just begun. You know it's only just begun, and it's time to start thinking about greatness for our country again. We don't talk about growing our country anymore. We don't talk about all of those things that really go to making a country great like we used to many, many years ago, decades ago.All we talk about today is race, inflation and the environment, we talk about nothing else. We don't talk about what it takes to make our country great again [cheers and applause]. And we always have to remember, that we are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious American nation. That's what we are. We're a glorious American nation and you should be so proud of it.And so with the help of everyone here today, thank you Michigan, and citizens all across our land, we will make America powerful again [cheers and applause]. We will make America wealthy again [cheers and applause]. We will make America strong again [cheers and applause]. We will make America proud again [cheers and applause]. We will make America safe again [cheers and applause]. And we will make America great again [cheers and applause]. Thank you, Michigan. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you.