ID: CSPANDT2710202097
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Lansing, Michigan
Date: 2020-10-27

Well, thank you very much. Thank you. I feel so guilty awaiting out here in the rain. They gave me a hat. I said, you know They've been waiting out here for hours. I shouldn't put on a hat. They even said, sir, we have the car is going to take you from the beautiful Air Force one. Isn't that a beauty? But they're going to take you from Air Force. When I said I gotta walk it. I mean, these people are tough. They're from there from Lansing from Michigan. I gotta walk in. I gotta walk it. Don't give me the umbrella. Soaking wet already, but hello, Lansing. Hello, Michigan. This was the scene of a great victory. Remember that four years ago, Donald Trump has won the state of Michigan. Are that was big. Hadn't been done in decades, but were I don't know, if you saw the poll just came out, were up three in Michigan. I think we're up a lot more. You know, they give you the fake polls. I think we're up a lot more. We're gonna have a great red wave. People that want to go out and both vote. They want to go out and they wanna touch. They wanna vote. It's a great read wave. It's happening in Florida. Were up in Florida up four up for? You know, I'm watching these guys the way they talk to Polo down 25 in Michigan. I said no. We're gonna win Michigan. No, I kid when I say 25 but they put numbers, you know, they're called suppression suppression polls. They make you, like, feel badly. So you say to your wife for you say to your husband, Darling, let's go out to dinner and then we'll come back. We love our president, but, you know, the polls say he can win. Well, right now, we're leading in almost everywhere. The rial were leading. Almost. Now I've got to say, I'm working my off here. Sleepy Joe, the guy goes, the guy goes to his basement, He's got another lid, you know? He goes to the basement. The lid, right. That's the garbage. Can they put a little Now? Yesterday we had three big ones. Really big in Pennsylvania was incredible. The crowds were incredible. Like this. They're all packed. They got people outside that I see people in the streets crazy. I always say that my people, Why don't you just get a bigger airport, get a bigger well, these air better than the arena is because you know our rallies are bigger than they've ever been. And the arenas, even if it's 18,000 people, we've had 40 45 50. We you can't hold them. And you know what's nice to get out of the plane? You say a few words, you go back to the plane, you say Bye bye, vote for me. But that's actually what Democrats do. They say they say, Vote for me and they're lovely to you for a few months before the election and after the election, It's their gun and nobody's done for Michigan. What I have You have car plants being built on. You didn't have a plan built in 42 years. You have them all over. I tellan. I tell Germany now, Now we're not interested going Bill plants. And I always suggest Michigan because I have to tell you, I think, of course, I think of Michigan. When I got the man of the year, I got Man of the Year in Michigan long time ago, like 12 years ago. Nothing to do with politics, they wrote. Man of the I came here and I gave a big lecture of the fact I said, Mexico is stealing your plants, they're going to Canada. They're going to You lost 32% of your car production. It said, What the hell is going on? It turned out to be quite a controversial acceptance, but I felt that it's probably the number one reason that I'm standing here because of trade. And have we turned that around seven days from now? We're going to win the great state of Michigan on. We're going to win four more years in the White House. And bythe there has never been a campaign. Yeah, there has never been a campaign in the history of this country. First of all, there's never been a movement like this. That's never but there's never been a campaign. And we had the record, you know, the record was four years ago. That has had Mawr enthusiasm or bigger crowds has never been. Don't forget they may have a crowd. That's a big crowd the night before an election, you know, but not really. There's never been This is thanks. Yeah, thank you. That's really nice a phrase. I really I say I don't think they'll find it, because look, at all of them back there. Look at the look. Oh, hello, John Roberts. He's been very nice to have. John Roberts has been very nice to us. Thank you, John. But John has never been a phrase. We love you in the history of politics. I don't care where you go and it happens. And I love you, too. I dio I love you to e o E, but there's never been anything like this in terms of enthusiasm in terms of crowds. I saw Obama this morning. He had a couple of cars there honking their horns, and then I saw a sleepy just so he came out yesterday, right, and you're going to see this? He came out yesterday and he made a speech, and then they had to rip him off the stage because he had lost it because he's gone. Once again, Michigan is going to answer the call of history and show the world that sleepy Joe Biden, his dark money donors and his corrupt special interest on, By the way, there's never been anything like this. He goes into a country, and the family walks out with millions of dollars, Million's and million's of Yeah, and then the press isn't allowed to report. The press doesn't report it. They don't cover it. New York Times, Washington Post They don't cover it. CNN You know, I introduced a great justice of the Supreme Court. Last sign, right? They say it's the most important thing a president can do. I say, maybe military. But regardless, we've rebuilt our military like nobody would ever believe. But you know what? It's one of the most important, especially because this turns the court. They had a whole thing most important thing in 50 years and CNN and M S d N c didn't cover. They didn't cover. They wouldn't cover. They just couldn't even though the ratings go through the roof. 60 minutes had very good ratings the other night. A fake report, but the ratings go through them, but they didn't cover my introduction. Can you believe that my introduction of a woman that's going to be there hopefully for 50 years? As far as I'm concerned on last night we did. We made history and we confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court on Justus Barrett will defend our rights. We'll defend our liberties and our God given freedom. She's gonna be fantastic. And she's terrific person. Joe Biden, Camilla. You like Camelot. You like her to be your first president. He gets elected three weeks into his presidency. They'll say, Camilla, you're ready. Let's go. That's why they're talking about the That's why they talk about the 25th Amendment, right? Three weeks, three weeks and Joe shot. Let's go. Commonly you're ready. Most liberal person in the Senate. She makes Bernie Sanders look like a serious conservative. This this will not be. We can't let it happen. This will not be the first woman president. You're gonna have a woman president. This will not be the first woman president. Yeah. Yeah, That's a lot of cameras back. Yeah, that's right. There are there are screaming Ibaka. You know, Ivanka, you know she's great. She just loves She's out campaigning today, doing really well, but she could be very happy. Her husband's here. Jared Kushner is making peace in the middle. Where's Where's Sharon? Where's Jared? We gotta find him. You know, he's never around too much. He's always sort of. He doesn't want any accolades, but he's done something. Nobody else has done. He's leading peace in the Middle East without blood. Hi, Jared. He doesn't want to be outside his Mr Inside, but he's smart. But Ivanka, she'd be very happy just being at home with the kids that we got her working. And you know who's making his speech today? First lady. She's out in Pennsylvania. She's out in pencil. People love our first one. Our first lady is doing a great job. I mean, she got the plague from China. So did I. So did Baron Baron. Recovered in about 12 minutes. How you feeling, Barry? Up. What was the problem, Baron? I don't know. I didn't think I had a problem. The doctor told me.d. Sir, your son is tested positive. I see him like, 12 seconds later. Doctor. How is he doing? He's all better. Did you give him any Doc? Did you give him one of those? The miracle cures? No, sir. He just recovered. Hey, young kids have a very strong immune system. Nobody even knew it. Get your Children back to school. Get a Yeah. I mean, your governors a disaster. They gotta open up this. They gotta open up this thing and she's got to keep her husband away from sailing and fishing. The only one that's free in your state is her husband. It's no, that's no good. You can't do it. Joe Biden. Kamala Harris. Of course she has it the reverse. You know, she's got the in the Harris on. He actually said it in the in the Harris Biden. You know, I have a great vice president. We all dio, but and I want to give a tremendous crater. But I will never say in the Pence Trump administration. I will never say that, but he says it. That's because he doesn't have any clue where he is. You saw, and the radical Democrats want to pack the Supreme Court with far left justice who will shred our Constitution, abolished the Second Amendment, terminate religious liberty, shield the violent criminals and regulate your economy into oblivion. You will have a depression. If he gets in, he's going to raise your taxes at a level that nobody has ever seen. He is the first candidate I've ever seen who is running on a promise that I will raise your taxes. I've never heard that one. I've been involved and followed and studied politics for a long time. He'll be the first one I will raise your taxes. Massively is to be the biggest tax increase in history. I've never heard of that one before. I like running against that guy. This election is a matter of economic survival for Michigan. Look what I've done. We've all done together for this stuff, this state, you're building cars again. And if your union leaders weren't in the pockets of the Democrats because we get the vote But they got these guys, they're just, you know, they come to the White House there. So nice to may. Nice to me. But they go for the Democrats every time. For a certain reason. Someday we'll talk about it. But the people, the workers there for us and the workers air for me. Biden's plan to abolish the entire U. S oil industry you saw that will cripple our nation and send us into a absolute deep depression. And you see what he did with fracking? There will be no fracking. There will be No, He doesn't say it. That way goes, there will be no pressure. There will be no racket. But He said it for like a year. And then he got the Pennsylvania where we're leading. But we're gonna put it, See that big, beautiful screen? We'll have it up there some. It saves me a lot of words. That screen is great. It costs a fortune. We only bring it to very important locations like Michigan. But then you can hear it in his own words. You don't say Oh, the president's exaggerate now, he said. No fracking, no fracking. Then he goes to Pennsylvania. Million jobs, fracking. It's a big part of their economy, big part of your economy from the standpoint of energy, Right? And guess how do you like the gasoline prices of $2 right? It's amazing. As they go up, you produce fewer, fewer cars. Well, I got you down to the lowest level. You are so lucky. And President, I'm going to give another major tax cut. After already having passed the largest tax cut in the history of our country, we're giving a very big middle income tax cut. Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless ridiculous foreign wars countries you've never even heard of for the most. They're all coming back. You know that They've been coming back, But our soldiers are all coming back. We're all over the We're all over the place. We're in places that even the top people in the country have never heard of these places. Biden was a cheerleader for NAFTA. You got killed by that. A catastrophe for the auto industry and for your state. Following NAFTA, one third of the auto jobs left and they went to Mexico and Canada. But they went to Mexico. Biden enthusiastically voted for China's entry into the World Trade Organization, fueling the rise of China on the backs of Michigan workers. What China has done. There has been nothing. Nothing. Nobody, no country. There has been no country that has ripped us off for 25 years. 30 years, like China, hundreds of billions of dollars a year flows into China, and I put big fat, beautiful tariffs on China. We took in tens of billions of dollars. Nobody else did it. And, you know, when they targeted our farmers, I told the farmers, Don't worry about it. And we gave him 28 billion, which is the amount they were targeted. Way don't have too many farmers in this group. We gave him $28 billion are farmers. Everybody's happy with that. You get about three farmers here, but you got a lot of manufacturers. Remember when Obama said There'll be no more manufacturing? You need a magic wand? Well, we had 700,000 manufacturing jobs. You need a magic one. Altogether half of all auto manufacturing jobs in Michigan were wiped out. Think of that. After the Biden back, NAFTA and China disasters, China became powerful because of the World Trade Organization. It became powerful, a terrible, terrible thing for our country. And then Biden goes around saying, Well, no, China is good for us. No, no, no, they haven't been to. How have they been? No, I don't think so. Good. And then the plague, on top of everything else, we got the plague sent in. He repeatedly tried to slash Medicare and Social Security people didn't even know. Decade after decade, Biden is twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers and workers all over the United States. You don't have to take my word for it. We have Joe on tape. Please roll the tape. Look, it's the whole thing is crazy. Is that crazy? Is there craziest right is the craziest race. Our country cannot be put in that position. We have too much going, too much potential. We cannot be put in that position. So you got to do what's right. Because one thing we know President Xi of China is that like that President Putin of Russian. There's nobody been tough for the Russia. Nobody has been tougher than me to Russia. They want me to lose so badly. He's not like that. Kim Jeong Eun, remember, We're gonna be in a world with North Korea. What happened? What happened to the war? Kim Jeong Eun. Not like that. They're top of the game and most of the leaders top of the game way Can't have that. We can say, Hey, G, that's wonderful. But we can't have that. We can't have that. We have too much potential. We're gonna have the greatest year ever. Next year we had the greatest year we've ever had. We had to stop it. We learned about the disease. We saved two million lives. Remember? Is gonna be 2.2 million people were gonna die. That was the model. We saved two million lives. And now we understand we protect our seniors. But we can't have that in 2016 Michigan voted. That's a lot of people. Look at it as faras. I'm hearing. I'm hearing the sound. It sounds like it's from 20 miles away. It almost Thank you. Thank you. In 2016 Michigan voted to fire this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first. We're putting it first, and you know a lot of times because I've become friendly with many of the presidents and prime ministers, kings and queens dictators, I must tell you dictators, but I've become friendly with a lot of them, and they, they say, with two things. It's incredible what you've done with the economy. They always say that they always say it no matter what they say. We have done the most incredible job, and they always start off by congratulating me. The next question is they wanna buy our military equipment because we make the best equipment anywhere in the world. And sadly, with many of these nations who are not that friendly, we have to say no. Does that make sense? That makes anyway. I don't sound like a politician because I'm not a politician. I never wanted to be a politician. I became a politician for one very specific reason because we're doing a job in the history of our country. In the 1st 3.5 years, nobody has done what we what we and this administration has been able to do with regulations, with taxes, with rebuilding our military with strengthening our borders. By the way, our border, the strongest it's ever been, we're building 10 miles a week. The wall is almost finished. They don't want to talk about the wall. Remember, that's all they talked about. Was the wall the walls ever gonna get built that's ever going to get built? Then I got it built That's almost completed. They don't wanna talk about it. And Mexico is paying for the wall. Remember that place? If I don't know, he's played by the rules of Washington and the Washington establishment. It's because I was elected to fight for you, and I fight harder than any president has ever fought. Do you know one of the biggest issues for Michigan, as you know, is this race and then this whole thing? It's the race. It's all the subject of refugees and what's happening with refugees and where they coming from. Biden has pledged, and you saw what happened the other day in France. Biden has pledged a 700% increase. This was done in the manifest, uh, with Bernie Sanders. Crazy Bernie. He's crazy. Is he crazy or what? But we love him because we got a big pile of his people last time with crooked Hillary. And they're gonna come again because we're right on trade. One thing Bernie Sanders understood our country was being ripped off on trade by our allies and our foes. Okay by everybody. And he got it. He couldn't do anything about it. But his people came over large percentages of people that people find that hard to believe. But they understood trade. Biden has pledged a 700% increase. This is in conjunction with Crazy Bernie and AOC plus three who knows less about this stuff than any human being on Earth. But she does have a good line of A 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous terror hotspots on the planet, including Syria, Somalia. You know, when I think of Somalia, I think of Omar almost. Ilhan, Ilhan Omar, who truly does not like our country. You know, we are going to win Minnesota because of Omar. Because of Omar. She likes telling us what we should do. How we should run our country. Is that nice, Omar? No. We're gonna win. She hates our country. We're gonna win. Also because the National Guard went in, you must should have been called a lot sooner. But the National Guard went into Minneapolis and it was a beautiful sight. It took what, 22 minutes? It was over after a week and a half of destroying Minneapolis. So I think between ill hand Omar, Ellen armor and really, what happened with respect, we stopped it. They should have called us a week and a half early. We're gonna win Minnesota first time since. Think of that first time. I don't want to carry on to guarantee I don't want to guarantee anything. I'm a little bit superstitious, but I wanna tell you they like us. They like us in Minnesota and how toe and how the hell she gets elected. I cannot understand that his policies will turn Michigan into a refugee camp. It's true. He's she goes. I know you're right about that. Who said that? Right? She just said, I know. Everybody knows. He's also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans. I got a travel ban. I said I want a band. I took a lot of heat. You remember that right? In the beginning. Because if it's okay with you, I don't wanna have people that want to blow up our country. I don't wanna have people that want to kill our people. So we instituted a travel ban and it was rejected by the first court rejected by the second court. Ultimately, it was approved by the U. S. Supreme Court. We have a travel ban, and now, if we have countries that want to do harm to us, if we have people that want to do harm, we say, Stay the hell out. It's very easy. And we're not gonna open the floodgates to radical Islamic terrorism. We're not doing it. I've ended the influx of refugees from terrorist regions, You know that. And I'm keeping the jihadists and the violent extremists the hell out of our country. If that's okay, maybe you want him. I don't know. Maybe you want maybe Michigan. Let's take a vote. Would anybody like them to come to the wonderful state of Michigan? Okay, I thought I knew you pretty well. No, it's, you know, it's not easy doing this stuff, and it's, you know, very unpopular that people go after you, but you have to do it. You have to do. Ultimately, I do what's right, and people understand that people understand. Together we will continue to protect American families, fight for American workers support our police. Defend our second Amendment, which has been under siege. If I were not your president, you wouldn't have a Second Amendment right now. Secure our borders that ensure more products are proudly stamped with the beautiful phrase made in the USA. And by the way, do I look soaking wet? Because the media is going to get him? They're going to say he looked like hell today. He didn't look. His hair was terrible. It was all horrible. He looked bad. He looked bad. He looked like he was sweating. Does he have a fever? No, it's 32 degrees out here and it's It's freezing and it's raining on. I'm just trying to keep up with the tough people of Michigan, that's all. See, I was gonna ask you permission to put the hat on, right? No, no. Yeah. Attack. That's a good hat. It will be on eBay. It'll be on eBay tonight. We will deliver record prosperity, epic job growth and a safe vaccine that eradicates the virus and quickly ends the pandemic. And we've done things that nobody believed we could do on the vaccines air coming right around the corner And if I weren't here, it would have taken 234 years before you had this stuff that's happening now, the greatest companies in the world doing it normal life will fully resume. And that's what we want, right? We want normal life, normal life. Take us back. Take us back. Seven months ago, we want normal life. We had the greatest economy in the history of our country. That's what we want. Normal life. Just think of a That's all we want. You know, if we didn't have the plague coming from China, it wasn't even gonna be like we had an election. Three. Only bad part is I probably wouldn't be standing out here in the freezing rain with you. I'd be home in the White House doing whatever the hell I was doing. I wouldn't be out here, you know, we're going thio to other great places after this. You know that, right? This is stop number one. I'll get off the plane. At least you were the first up because I'll get off the plane and they'll say he looks like hell. What happened? What happened to our president? Look at these people. What happened to our president. He looks terrible. This election is a choice between a trump super recovery or a Biden depression. You're gonna have a depression, your 401 case down the tubes. Look how great our stock, but had a little blip yesterday because Nancy Pelosi will not approve stimulus, That's all. But it's a choice between a trump boom or a Biden locked down, but you're already locked down. I mean, this thing, we gotta get her going. I don't know. We got to get her going. I don't think she like. me too much. See, I don't comment for that. Because every time if I make just even a little bit of a nod, they say the president let them on. No, you don't have to leave you even a little nod, They say. The president said right. They asked me that question in crazy 60 minutes. Wasn't she rude? She just kept asking me questions. And then they interviewed Sleepy Joe. What? It was like everybody just fell asleep and they got great ratings. That's unfortunate. They got such good ratings that they want to do it again and again. But now wasn't that terrible? The difference one is anger craziness, right? Fire coming out of her eyes. I look, she sits down. She said, Are you prepared for tough questions? I said, just be fair. Just be fair. No, no. I mean, tough question. This is the way it starts with Biden. Hello, Mr Vice Brother. How about did you see the reporters out? He was walking around with ice cream, right? What? What flavor is it? Uh, I don't know. I don't know Now. He knew. He said he had vanilla. And I said, I don't get See those killers back then. I don't get soft questions like that. But, you know, I was being interviewed by somebody. I had a group of terrible, terrible people. Sometimes I'll do an interview just to see if it's so bad, because I could do very good. I can answer the questions I take all the smiling, all the fun. Just boom, boom, boom. Nobody could do that. Boom, boom! Give me perfect interview. And then I realized it's hopeless with these people. They just help us. I looked at him and we're in the Oval Office. I say, You know, you're very unfair. You're very dishonest, your corrupt people. But you know what? We're in the Oval Office. I'm here and you're not. I'm here a woman in a car. I sent them on their way, and then I read the article the next day. It was terrible. Was just It bore no relationship to what I told them. But these are minor details. It's a shame, you know, if we had an honest media, this country would come together so fast. It's true. We have not all of them. But there's some of the most corrupt people on earth they are so and you see it, you see it with the Biden corruption. They don't even want it. They won't cover it. They won't talk about it. And that includes big Tech. Section 2 30 Section two. Does anybody know about Section two? It's a choice between our plan to kill the virus or Biden's plan to kill the American dream. That's what he wants. What's the lock you all up? Let's keep Let's stay locked up and you know So I caught it. But I said, Hey, I mean, I was given options. I could have stayed in the basement of the White House for a year and a half. But I'm your president. I can't do that. I can't do that. I can't stay in the basement of the White House. I can't stay in a beautiful bedroom upstairs for a year and a half of your president and I go to meetings. And there'd be a lot of people in those meetings and I say this perhaps is dangerous. I don't know this Perhaps, and then one day, sir, Sir, are great. White House physician, White House doctor. He's here today. Sean, were Shaughnessy around. He's become more famous than I am Has I saw so many doctors when I was in that bed. I said, Doctor, I don't feel good. I had more great doctors, more talent than you've ever seen. They were lying around that. I told the story. They're lying. 12 12 doctors. Johns Hopkins. All of the Walter Reed is so incredible. The medical military hospital, the doctors, they really are great. But there were a lot of them. I said, I don't feel great, Doc. I gotta be honest with you. It's been a long time, but I don't feel great. And they grabbed me. Every one of them. They grabbed different parts of my body. They always special. There were specialists, and the bottom line is I took something Regeneron, which we're making available to everybody that needs it free. And Eli Lilly make something very similar we got. We have things that we didn't even know about. Think about six months ago and I don't know if it was the strength of me. I'd like to give me full credit. I don't want to give No, I don't want to give the drug. I was telling somebody the other day. I don't wanna give the drug any credit, I want to say because I am a very young person That's in perfect physical shape. Yeah, I took that virus and I woke up the next morning and I felt like super managed. I wanted to get out of it. I said, Doctors get me the hell out of there. Get me out. But it's no great doctors, but we know things that we didn't know. We didn't know. We had no idea about much of the stuff. You see, mortality rate. You see where that is Now people go in, you get better. They say you have immunity that you could go in. I could jump. See this crowd right here. I could jump right in. I could give. I could give every woman and every man not even kiss the men. I could give every woman and every man right here a kiss that I wouldn't catch it. I have immunity on until I came along. You know, you used to hear you have immunity for life right soon as I had it and got better. They were not too happy about that. And they said the speed this guy got better. But you know what? As soon as I had it, I got better. I said I had immunity. It was supposed to be for life when it was me, they said it's only good for four months. Okay, Okay. Anybody else's for life with Trump? They said it's four months, so they brought it down now, immunity from life to four months. And you know now with them. Can't watch anything else. Turn on. Covert. Covert, Covert, Covert, Covert, Covert Covert Covert Cove in. Well, we have a spike in cases you ever noticed. I don't use the word death. They use the word cases. Cases like Baron Trump is a case. He has sniffles. He was snuffling. One plain x facilitated one was how he was better. But he's a case. Okay? He's a case. Barrett. Top young people cases, and you know where we have so many cases because we test more. So we go around and they're very, by the way, we're testing very young people to we're testing people. Let's go with test and everybody in many ways. I hate it in many ways. I hate it. We test everybody. And because of that. Now if I tested half, if I said we are going to cut our testing down in half, they go crazy because the cases would go down in approximately half right, and then we're going to cut it down and half once again. And there are other countries that don't do testing and they show very few cases. I mean, it's a very simple thing, but overall, it's good to have the testing. We find out where it is, and there are a lot of things, but they use it to make us look bad. But here's the story. It's Cove it covert covert. You can't watch anything else or November 4th, you won't be hearing so much about it. Yeah, November 4. On November 4th, you'll hear it's getting better. It's getting better. You watch. No, no. They're doing Heavy Cove it because they want to scare people on board people, people get it. I'll tell you, they understand these people better than you are smarter than most of the political people in this world. You get there very smart. No, November 4th, you'll see there's a big difference, and I'll tell you what you know what else is gonna happen in November for your governor. Your governor at the urging of her husband, who has abused our system very badly. The only man allowed in the state of Michigan. The only man allowed to go sailing is her husband. Now, your governor. I don't think she likes me too much. Hey, hey, hey. I'm the one it was are people that helped her out with her problem. And you have to see if it's a problem, right? People are entitled to say maybe it was a problem. Maybe it was our people, my people, our people, that helped her out. And then she blamed me for it. She blamed me. It was our people that helped. I don't get I don't get it. How did you put her there? How did you put house John James doing good. Good. Oh, you see, I didn't even know. Is John. How is that Nice? Well, I didn't even know. See, I'm thinking about you. I don't even know you hear, John. I picked him out of a group of people. They all had loaded up with money. John had money successful. Where he was really successful is in the military. He could pilot a helicopter better than anybody. I hear I watch Andi. I said, Who the hell is that guy? It's true. I saw John. I saw John. Hey, God, this is, uh, that's in honor of shot. No, but here's what happened real quick. I saw Jonah so four people a different position. He's running for a different thing. He did great, by the way, but I saw for rich guys and I saw John and I said, Go back the world's greatest invention, right? Not television, Tebow. Because without TiVo, television is useless. So I say, Who is that? I don't know. I think his name is John James. I said, Do me a favor. Go back now. The other guys had a lot of money. They were spending a lot of money, right? For I think, four guys, four guys. I said, That guy, I'm pretty good at this stuff. That guy could be a star. I called him, I spoke to him, I endorsed him. The four rich guys will never talk to me again. But that's okay. They were gone. Zo. That was the end of them. And he ran a phenomenal race. And now I'm hearing John that you're actually leading. He's running against a guy, Peter. Think of it. John James is running against a senator U S. Senator that nobody has ever heard of before. Even in Washington. Peters, I said, Who the hell is Peter's? He's a senator from Michigan. Nobody's ever heard of a I'll tell you what if one thing comes out of this small group of thousands of people vote for John James. Okay, he's a great guy, but I'm gonna introduce him in a second. If Biden and the Democrats Socialists were elected, they will dismantle your police departments, dissolve our borders, indoctrinate your Children and destroy the suburbs. You know, they were talking about suburban women don't like Donald Trump, I said, I think they do. I think that I got rid of a regulation that will destroy the suppers. I got rid of it. I said, Ben Carson, Let's do it, Ben and we did it. Nobody else would do it. And if I'd never got in, if he ever came in, it would come back and you could forget about the suburbs. And one thing I know about suburban women well, I was supposed to do badly with women the last time. Remember? At the end, they called it that night. They said Donald Trump at the beginning that said, No, he won't win because he doesn't do well with women. I said really is Tell me about that. And then Yeah, this guy goes only Rosie O Donnell, can you? Who? Who said that? You. Yeah. What do your comedian is up? So? So they said Donald Trump. It will be a very short evening. They're very happy about that. And then we started winning. We won Florida. We want Georgia. We won South Carolina, North Carolina. We ran the hall streak. Then we won Michigan. Right way, way. Want Michigan? We won Wisconsin, you know they were coming. We won Pennsylvania. Anyway. At the end of the evening, they were analyzed again. They said, You know what? Donald Trump did great with Women Farm, and that's gonna happening because women, suburban or otherwise, they want security. They want security, they want safety. They want law and order. They have to have law and order on. We're going to do great and I love women and I can't help it They're the greatest. I love him much more than the men. Much more than the men. So I'm saving suburbia. I'm getting your kids back to school. Get your kids back to school. You know, we won that big Supreme Court case against your governor. So what the hell happened? Why isn't it open? Still not over. You know, we sued. We won the case. One of the appealing She's appealing the case. Hey, Governor, let your state open. Get your kids back to school, Governor. Not a good government. And you know what else? I'm also getting your husband's. They want to get back to work, right? They want to get back to work. We're getting your husband's back to work, and everybody wants it. And the cure can never be worse than the problem itself. And let me tell you, when she keeps everybody locked up like a prison, your drugs and alcohol and abuse and suicide and so many things, so many bad things were happening. She's got to get it back. And this goes for Pennsylvania. You have a Democrat, all Democrats. You have a Democrat. Governor goes for North Carolina. We're doing great in both were winning both of the state. You have a governor in each one and you have a couple of others. Look at what's going on in New York with Cuomo. It's horrible. It's like a ghost town and the crime is way up. Get the California has to open up. California has to open up. I mean, what are you gonna do? I see people today. Store owners, they don't know what to Dio. They're gonna be arrested. If they open up their little small business, they can't survive. It's a horrible thing that's going on. Get your state's opened up and this governor should get her state opened up. The last administration nearly extinguished the U. S. Auto industry from the job, killing it almost the job killing trans Pacific partnership. And I ended it. I stopped it to the horrendous Korea trade deal. That was a Hillary Clinton special. Remember, she said, we will produce 250,000 jobs if we signed this deal and she was right for South Korea. They produced to it. They got him. You didn't get him to the and outrageous fuel economy standards where they're making it impossible to build a car in this country. It's outrageous. We suits California. We sued a lot of people because we can build a better car, a safer car, um, or important car for a lot less money. Think of that better. Better looking safer, little heavier for a little bit more fuel. A little bit more. You're talking about a glass, a little bit more fuel, and that will take 10 and 15 and 20 year old versions off. You know the gas guzzlers out of the overall. Environmentally, it'll be so good and we're suing California. Think of it a better car, a safer car and you'll save $3500 a car. And we actually have a lawsuit on this. We're gonna build better, cheaper, safer. And we actually have a lawsuit. I mean, it's not even believe over a little glass of because the difference between an engine that works and doesn't work is a half a glass of fuel, and we have plenty as we've proven, you know, with the number one in the world, we have plenty of gasoline, we have plenty of gasoline, and it would be great for your car business. And, frankly, your car business. They ought to get in gear because they're so afraid of the environmentalists. You know, they're so afraid. Oh, I don't know. I mean, they're willing to spend thousands more to build a car. I say, Fellas, are you sure they're a couple of them that are very smart that like what I say? I'll tell you the smart words are. Someday I reversed each and every one of those Obama Biden disasters, and now Biden wants to reinstate all of them. Everything that we've knocked out in terms of regulations. Who would take 20 years to build a highway? We have it down to two years to get. The approvals will take 20 years even longer. We have it down to two. I want to get it down to one, and it may get rejected for environmental or safety reasons. I want to get it down to one, but you have to see what we've done is a miracle, and that's one of the reasons it's been so successful. I also ended the NAFTA nightmare and replaced it with the brand new U. S. M. C. A. And the U. S. Um CA is expected to create tens of thousands of auto jobs that include powerful productions to keep your auto lines going. Where do you see what happens? It's just kicking it right now. And one of the biggest beneficiaries will be a state named Michigan on when General Motors went bankrupt. Biden and Obama through the workers of the Delphi Corporation, to the wolves, Anybody from Delphi here because somebody, if you're here, you gotta like Trump because we're working on getting their pensions taking care because they were taking advantage of you know about that. I saw it in order to restore the pensions and health care benefits promised to workers in Wisconsin, Ohio, on Michigan. So they were treated very badly, and so were you. I will never let anyone rip off our great American worker. I will not do it. Joe Biden has made a corrupt bargain exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control of his party over to the rage filled socialist Marxist on left wing extremists. If Biden wins the flag, burning radicals on the streets will be running your government, like in Portland, the anarchist, the antifa. Hey, antifa. You ever notice they never want to go after anti for. Nobody wants to take on it. They all want to go after anyy, but they don't want. And I keep saying, Well, how are we doing with Antifa the anarchist this election day? You must stop the anti American radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the far left a thundering defeat. We have to make this. You have to get out there on Monday. Tuesday, Sunday. I don't care. Today you have to get out there and vote. You're gonna Most of you're gonna vote because you believe in voting like I do. I just left. I just voted. Two days ago. I voted, I went to a booth and they actually asked me sir back. Please have your identification. But no, they and there Right in doing. And I gave her a passport. Sir, do you have additional identification? Here's a time. Come out. What are you doing? You're gonna embarrass me here? That's crazy. No, she was great. I mean, I'll tell you what. There's no cheating with that. You go to a place. They want identification. They want this. You fill out your form, they walk you over to a machine you put it in. I mean these ballots. It's turning out to be exactly what I said, right. You see what's going on? Who's sending them, where they going, Who's sending them back? Who's signing them now? They wanna have unverifiable signature. One of the governors, once they have no signature or just send it back. What a horrible thing. Especially since I see. So, you know, I watch it so closely this I wanna voted. It was so professional. You go in and most of these people the red wave. Generally speaking, you go. If not Tuesday, Monday, You know, whatever. How many people are going to vote? How many people, how many people have already voted? Good. You're sort of a late state. That's good. That's good. Pennsylvania is a very, you know, They just they all vote that last day, but they go, they want to go to a polling booth. You're like that. Everybody. Look, this is the most important election in the history of our country. Or I wouldn't be standing here like this. Every everybody, you got to go out and vote you got to go out of. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. You've seen that he wants to send your jobs to China while his family rakes and millions of dollars from the Chinese Communist Party and other places They're Biden wins, China wins. And by the way, China will own the United States. You saw that clip up there. They were loaded. China's wonderful. There has never been anyone or anything or any country that has ripped us off like China. We will win. You will win. Michigan will win and America will win. You got to go and vote. So we're joined today by some great warriors. I introduce one, but I'll introduce him again because he is so important. And that's John. But Representatives Jack Bergman, Jon Molyneux are Tim Walberg. They're incredible. I'll tell you what. They have been with me right from the beginning. Right, fellas? They like you. You know they like you. Michigan House Speaker Lee Chatfield Lee Young guy Lee, a young guy, RNC chair woman who, by the way, ran my Michigan campaign four years ago. Rana McDaniel. She ran it so good that I said when we won, I said, You know, I have the person at the head of the Republican Party. I said I want to get somebody. I said, You know what? I'll do? Get me the woman that one Michigan she ran. What the hell is her name? Her name is okay. Her name is Rana. Good. She would call me. I'd come. I'd make a speech at leave. Call me the next day. So you have to come back. You have to come back. You have to come back. I said, Look, I'll do it one more time because you know, Michigan hadn't been one like in 36 years. I said, Look, I'll do it one more time. That's it. I came back. She said, That's it, sir. Don't worry about it. I left two days later, I get a one more phone call. Sir, One more visit and we did. You know, Michigan was the last stop that I made, right? I made it in Grand Rapids, Michigan. It was one o'clock in the morning. Crooked Hillary had come in with Barack Hussein Obama on. They came in together with Bill Clinton, actually, and all of them. And it was unscheduled meeting. They found out they had a problem, right? There was unscheduled. They were not. They got here at seven o'clock that 500 people I got here at one o'clock in the morning started speaking of one in the morning in Grand Rapids, we had 32,000 people. And remember, it was Now we're OK. Think of this. It was now election day. So it's now election to. In fact, I got home in our future First lady said to May Are you crazy? You know, get a I got home at four. In the morning, but Rana did a fantastic job, right? Congressman, are we doing okay? Are we winning it? And the great John James is gonna win, right? Michigan GOP chair Laura Cox is terrific. Thanks. Thank you. How are we doing, Laura? How we up? They said two points. That's not enough. We got to get a little more than that. They said two points today. The great Ted Nugent dead. Yeah. Great, Dad. He's the only one really dressed for operation. Thank you. Very good. Great job. We appreciate it. The president of the Police Officers Association of Michigan, Jim Tyga, Nelly. Jim O. He eats like Central casting Central casting candidates for Congress. Some really good ones. Paul young Paul. Good. Paul. You're doing well. I hear good Paul on the next U S. Senator from the Great state of Michigan, the legendary John James. I'll tell he's working so hard. Just get it. Just keep working, John. Keep markings. We built the greatest economy in history, and now we're doing it again. We increase middle class family income over $6000 mawr than five times again. Think of this five times again. In all eight years, under the last administration, African American unemployment, Hispanic American unemployment and Asian American unemployment all reached their lowest levels ever recorded. Think of that what we had going and we had to close it up. And now we're opening it again to record. Since April, we created a record 11.4 million jobs. For decades, our politicians spend trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders. But now we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories and our troops back home to the Yusa. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in United States history. That's what we've done. It's an amazing thing what we've done my opponents insane immigration plan would completely eliminate us borders. They don't wanna have borders without a border. You don't have a country by implementing a nationwide catch and release. You catch a criminal murderer rapist and you release him into our country. And then he's supposed to come back for a trial in two years. And we had the argument during debate. Did anybody see the debate the other night? Now quite a bit. He would make every community into a sanctuary city for violent criminals. My administration is finding the illegal immigrants in the criminals gang members, the M S 13 killers and we are either putting them in jail or sending them back home. And their home has to take them. They didn't used to take him. We invested $2.5 trillion into the U. S. Military, much of it spent in Michigan. And we have the finest, greatest equipment anywhere in the world. Were the N via the envy of the world. Russia, China. There's no country. We are the envy of the world. The best equipment to the world, all made in the use a way also pass v a choice on VA accountability. We killed the leader of Isis al Baghdadi, and we took out the world's top terrorist. Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear. The 150,000,000,001 0.8 billion in cash. Want a stupid deal and the first call I get. If we win, we gotta win. First call I get will be from Iran. They're gonna want to make a deal so badly because their economy is in tatters. I recognize the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy. Injuries on instead of never ending wars were forging peace in the Middle East. A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American dream. That's what it is. Abraham Lincoln. Abraham Lincoln was a Republican. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. This state right here and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement on we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. Yeah, way will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. Our military is now the strongest it's ever been by far. When I first came in, they told me, Sir, we have no ammunition. That's a true story and no president should ever hear that again. We will end surprise Medical billing Require price transparency already signed January 1st, Lower drug prices, even Mawr and we will always protect patients with pre existing conditions. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our school. We will teach our Children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flags on. We will live by the timeless words of our national motto. In God we trust, right? For years you had a president who apologize for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Michigan. See, now Biden would do that and he'd say, for the great people of how many times did you do that? Like seven standing up for the great people of Iowa? Sir. Sir, it's Michigan. It's There's no recovery from that right When you do that, you just walk off the stage, right? You can't. I would say the great Winston Churchill was a great orator. Even if Winston Churchill did it, he would just walk off the stage. But he didn't do that. It's sleepy. Joe doesn't a lot. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co workers. Don't let the radicals win, get out and vote. Most important election, I believe. And I never thought I'd say this because of what happened four years ago is the most important election in the history of our country. On November 3rd, we must finish the job and drain the swamp once. And for we've we've got a long way from Midland to Mackinaw from Pontiac Toe Battle Creek. Great on from Detroit to right here in Lansing, we stand on the shoulders of Michigan Patriots, who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation. This is the state where Henry Ford invented the assembly line. Think of that so much. So much has been done in Michigan. It's the place where General Motors, Chrysler and Kellogg revolutionized entire industries. Think of that Michigan gave us Motown, the Mustang and the unrivaled might of the American Midwest. The American women. We got it all. I think I got every single vote in the American. I like the Midwest. We made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And the best is yet to come. That's true. Yeah, proud citizens like you helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people with your help, your devotion and your drive. We're going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting on. We're going to keep on winning. Winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family on one glorious nation Under God on together with the incredible people of Michigan, we have made America powerful again. Our military. We have made America wealthy again. Stop 401 case. Keep him nice and hot. I don't want to see you throw him out. These things aren't worth anything. Your 401 case or just about it In old time high, we have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again on We will make America great again. Thank you, Michigan. Go out and vote.
