ID: CSPANDT2010202088
Title: President Trump Campaign Event in Erie, Pennsylvania
Date: 2020-10-20

Thank you very much. Hello, Eerie. Remember that great victory We had always a lot of victory. 14 days from now, we're going to win the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. And we are going to win for four years in the White House. With with your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our great police, protect our Second Amendment, defend our borders, keep jobs and wealth in America where it belongs. Thank you. Way will deliver record, prosperity, epic growth. And you know that. Have you seen what's been going on? How well we're doing. Did you see the recent poll just came out? 56% of the people wanna be here not four years ago. They wanna be with us in what we're calling. We're rounding the turn of the pandemic 56%. And it's a record epic job growth safe vaccines that quickly in the pandemic. It's ending normal life. That's all we want. You know, we want a normal life, normal life will finally resume. And next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. Thistle is an election between the trump super recovery, which is happening right now and a Biden depression. If he gets elected, you will have a depression the likes of which you've never seen. You know he's gonna double triple and quadruple your taxes. I don't think so. I think I know the people of very pretty Well, they don't like that. It's a choice between our plan to kill the virus or Biden's plan to kill the American dream. And that's what he'd be doing. Biden will delay therapies, postponed the vaccine, prolonged the pandemic, close your schools, shut down our country. And by the way, Pennsylvania has been shut down long enough. Get your governor. Open up, Pennsylvania! Get you Go, Governor Toe! Open it up! He will massively raise your taxes, bury you in regulations. Dismantle your police departments, dissolve our borders. Confiscate your guns. Second Amendment, You're so lucky. I'm president. You wouldn't have a Second Amendment, Eliminate private healthcare, terminate religious liberty, destroy the suburbs. I'm saving the suburbs. I knocked out the regulation. No, you don't like projects being next year. Beautiful house, your American dream. So much for the American dream and Joe Biden will ban fracking and abolish Pennsylvania enemy. How many times did he say you're fracking and mining industries will be out load, exiled, eradicated and totally extinguished And you know it because it's not up to sleepy Joe. He's gone, Zo. It's up to the others in the party. Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to ban Fracking. Right? You've all heard it. Have you heard it until he got the nomination that he came to Pennsylvania, he said, Oh, I guess it's OK. It's always what they say. First, his running mate, the most liberal member of the U. S Senate sponsors $100 trillion. Think of that 100 trillion. If we had a great year for 100 years, we couldn't make $100 trillion the $100 trillion socialist green New Deal which would eliminate fossil fuels At this very moment, Biden's website includes a pledge to mandate net zero carbon emissions, which means he would end all fracking. It's what he said. He said it for a year and a half. He said it. Under the Obama Biden administration, more than 40% of all coal mining jobs will be destroyed, totally gone. And you know what's happened? I mean, did you see what they did to West Virginia and other places, including Pennsylvania, where they were here? Don't forget, they've been here for eight years before me. If they did a good job, I would have never run. I didn't need this. I didn't need this. Although what happened a good time on? We're doing a good job. But it's true. They did a good job. I wouldn't have run. Thank you. Thank you. Tha a thing is a lot of people. A. I always want the cameras to show they never like to show. They don't like to talk about it. You can hear how big these crowds are. And by the way, you know, In all fairness, the hearing all over the country makes you feel good all over the country, the biggest crowds anyone's ever had, bigger than what we had four years ago. Bigger. When you have to watch, you have to watch what we do to 60 minutes. You'll get such a kick out of You're gonna get a kick out of it. Leslie Stall. Is that gonna be happy? The Democrat Party hates cracking. They hate, call good, beautiful, clean coal. They hate American energy. And Joe Biden will shut it all down. He's going to tonight. I wanna do something I want to give you. This is an original Donald TBroadway play on. I had it done specifically first time I've ever pulled it out. I had it done specifically for the people of eerie because you guys like energy. You like being energy independent. Do you like that energy way? Don't need all these far away lands and everything else were now energy independent and we're going to keep it that way. Take a look at this clip. We had it made up and I think you'll like first time I've ever done this. Right. First time, go ahead, wherever it is, put it up. what we don't show is his more current version. Oh yes, we'll have racket on the fake news. They don't do anything about it they don't even talk to him about. But right now he's got bigger problems than fracking. I think you know what it's called. You know it's it's called the Laptop from Hell, The laptop with people of Pennsylvania here. This warning. If Biden's elected, he will wipe out your energy industry. You have a million jobs, just like he wiped out your steel industry and I brought it back. I brought it back Onley by voting for me. Can you save your fracking and Pennsylvania? We are going to have a great time because you are going to reject the radical left Theo United States. And I say it and I'll say it 1000 times. United States will never be a socialist nation on. Yeah, Welcome. Oh, okay. Think of it. Here we are an eerie people as far as the eye can see. Look at that. It's a great honor. It's a great honor for all of us. We're all in this together. We're all in it. As long as I'm president, we will remain the number one producer of energy anywhere in the world. You know, we're now number one in the world with Pennsylvania. You Texas, we have some. Great. How about North Dakota? Does a great job. North Dakota, Oklahoma. So many differ. Ohio does a phenomenal job, phenomenal couple of Ohioans. And they have to have the fracking and they have to have the energy. And we need the energy. And, you know, you looked at your car. When did you think you're going to see $2 a gallon? Unless you didn't think you're going to see that? That's like a tax cut. At the same time, our energy industry is vibrant. Last year, I visited the Shell Petrochemical plant in County, the largest investment in your state's history. Our opponents will put it out of business. They wanna put it out of business. I don't think that's a great idea. Joe Biden dismayed a corrupt bargain exchange for his party's nomination. He's handed control of his party over to Socialists. I added another word. Communists, Marxist left wing extremists. And they're full of hate and rage and scorn for the middle class and for everybody, frankly, for the middle class and for everybody. The Biden Harris, Kamala. If you like Kamala, hello, I'll tell you that our vice president do a great job, a great e, said Mike. That was too easy. But the Biden Harris agenda is projected to slash the typical Americans income by $6500 is in the Wall Street Journal today, a nightmare for Pennsylvania family $6500. And that's just cut it down what you could be making if you do this and what we're doing. Because for the last 47 years, Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs, offshoring your factories and selling out the American worker, and who knows it better than Pennsylvania. Look at all the empty Hultz that you still have. Despite all the jobs we've brought back, America lost 10,000 factories while he was vice president. He has no clue. By the way, just so you understand, he has no clue how Maney Oh, that's okay. He's a servant of the globalist lobbyist, wealthy donors and Washington vultures who got rich bleeding American. You know, I said the other day, I never thought of because they're raising a lot of money. 300 million. I could be the king of all fundraisers. I would be the greatest that ever lived. The president of the United States. All after is give me a list of the top 100 companies will call the president of everyone. They will pay me whatever I want. I would set every record. The problem is I owe them because when they call and they have a problem for a lot more money than we're talking about, you know, it's like, hard. Just say Hey, they were nice. They treated you good. I don't wanna do that. I don't wanna do that. We don't need the money. I don't wanna do that. I don't want Tokyo, but when you see them raised 303 $150 million in a month and a half. You know, deals are being made just so you understand, deals are being made. Big deals, deals. I mean, look at the deals that he's making for himself. Okay, but deals a big man in 2016 Pennsylvania voted to fire this depraved political establishment, and you elected an outsider is president who is finally putting America First America? Um, the fact is, whether you like it or not, whether you want to hear it or not, Joe Biden is a corrupt politician. It's a corrupt, a smoking gun. Emails show that the Biden family sold the vice presidency for very, very substantial amount of money, more money than anybody would believe. He let China plunder your jobs while his family raked in millions of dollars from China and foreign nations Did. Biden's got rich while Pennsylvania got robbed, and so did the rest of our country. If Biden wins, China wins. If Biden wins, China will own the use A and you know it. No way he does anything about it. And yet media and the big tech big tech they're desperately trying to cover up everything. They don't want to hear speeches like this. They don't want to hear anything about it. This is a massive scandal that they're trying to suppress. I'm not just running against Biden. Sleepy Joe. I'm running against the corrupt media. The big tech giants, the Washington Swamp and the Democrat Party is a part of all of them. Every single one of a. They flood your communities with criminal aliens, drugs and crime. While they live behind beautiful gated compounds. They try to take away your guns. Second Amendment. They wanna take it away while they enjoy private security that's fully armed. They support crippling lockdowns like your governor is doing while their jobs and their industries remain totally exempt. And it's time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden Sleepy Joe A thundering defeat on November 3rd. Wait to get out and vote Pennsylvania, you got to get out of the way. Win Pennsylvania. We win the whole thing. Everyone now is that, uh I mean, it's crazy. They saying, Oh, it's his home state. It's not his home state. He left you when he was nine. Right? Barry? I'm not blaming him for that. But, you know, he likes to go and yeah, it's my home. So it's not his home state. I actually went to college in Pennsylvania. Okay, so, you know, I think I have more in common, but it's not his home state. He comes from a place called Delaware, and he never leaves Delaware. I like Delaware to, but he never listens. Hair is making another speech from where? Doesn't make too many speeches either. Hey, took a five day lid. You know what'll it is? I never heard lid letters like they put the lid like a garbage can write. They put them. He took a five day lid. I mean, this guy, all he does is like, stay home. You know why? You know why? Because he can't take any questions now from the press. Can't take any questions. How about yesterday? He finally went outside. He went to get a nice cream. And the press is standing that these air all killers. I mean, there, there they are. Look, the fact is, there standing and all they wanted to know Think of me. They're screaming at me like a all they want to know what flavor ice cream do you like? Well, like I like vanilla and chocolate. Thank you. They don't ask me those questions if I don't sound like a typical Washington politician is because I'm not a politician on if I don't know what is played by the rules of the Washington establishment is because I was elected toe fight for you. And nobody has ever fought for you harder than I have that I could come. I'm fighting so hard because I love my country. I love you, by the way. But I love my country. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. On there's a tough group in front. The last time, the last time they said that last time this guy said that to another man. I doubt you have Maybe, Dad, maybe Dad, I love time ago. But because I am determined to ensure that the for gotten men and women of this country remember they showed up four years ago and they're showing up Now. You see what's going on? Do you see the lines? Do you see what's happening all over the country? They still don't want to report it. They go, There's gonna be this is going to be bigger than four years ago. There's more enthusiasm, crowds bigger. They'll never be forgotten again. Not after this one. They tried to find out who are all these people that showed up last time. Now they're finding out again, except even more. So now you see what's going on there with the lines and everything. And then they have the phony fake ballots all over the place. They're throwing them in the garbage can know they happen to have the name Trump on him. Isn't that shocking? How about the ones that were printed without my name on it? They had everything on it. They had every race. They had everything. You had the Senate yet everything. They forgot to put me down. Oh, thank you. And then they say he's against freedom. Oh, it's Wow! The Biden Harris war on police would be a catastrophe for public safety. You know, I think I have every single correct e. Yeah, way have every single endorsement, even New York's finest New York City's finest. We love our finals. Yeah, is the Mike Rothe. I wonder who did that to our mike. I don't believe it was Joe. You know it. Waas Crooked Hillary muscles. I think it was probably crooked Hillary. But Kamala Kamala, By the way, she will not be your first woman president. You will not. You can't let that happen. There'll be a woman president. You cannot let that happen. Harris even urged their supporters to donate to a fund that bailed out riders right out of jail, including attempted cop killers. I will always stand with the heroes of law enforcement so well on. Biden's policies would also decimate our seniors. Biden's pledging mass amnesty and free federal health care. Remember, he did that at a stage. You remember? Look, she's shaking her hand, she remembers. Remember when he put up his hand? You know, after 47 years, he knew it was not the right thing to do, but everybody else was raising, you know, they're all radical left, and he felt very uncomfortable. But did he looked? He looked over here, looked over there. They were all over the place. These people, they were all running for this beautiful office, and he just got the hand up. And I said, Thank you were just won the election and look, we all have a heart, you know. But what happens is everybody comes in, Everyone's gonna We're gonna have millions of people pouring into it. They get free health care, They get free college, they get a rose, they get a Rolls Royce, everybody gets a free Rolls Royce. Remember what I said? That and CNN went crazy. He knows they don't get a free Rolls Royce. He lied to the American people. Now, these air sick people thank goodness their ratings, CNN ratings. And you see him there so bad, Fredo. All these people, the ratings air so bad their ratings air terrible. Thank goodness. But he will obliterate your Medicare, your Social Security. I will always protect your Medicare and your Social Security. As I said for you, I'm also proud that here in Pennsylvania, your Medicare advantage You know that everybody have it. Some people have it. The premiums have decreased. Listen to this. Under our management. 43% since I took office. Where do you hear Way will always defend our seniors and we defend them like nobody else can. The battle against the China virus, the China virus. That's what it is. It's a China you know, they call it Cove. It they call it all different names. It's the China virus served or the China maybe the China plague. We launched the largest mobilization since World War two. I'll tell you what, the way they cover it, we have done such an incredibly saved millions of lives They refused to cover. Not for me, but for the people. The admirals and generals Mike Pence everybody that works so hard on this, and they refuse to acknowledge it. Way made a lot of really bad governors look good and some good governors do just fine. But a lot of bad governors. We made him look good Early on. We took aggressive action. We saved so many lives. Remember, it was supposed to be 2.2 million under us, and there could have been more than that. I took rapid action to banned travel from China and from Europe heavily infected areas. And by the way, the scientists said, Oh, don't do it two years, Two months later, they were saying Lucky he did do it. Biden opposed both of these life saving decisions. You remember, he said, he xenophobic. I said Joe, Joe, what Does it mean Joe couldn't ask? Because he does. Only in Pennsylvania. He goes. He does it. Well, you're right about that Way. Pioneered. Incredible therapies. Excuse me. Here I am. E. That was quick. That was quick. Now, great doctors. We have great doctors and reduce the fatality rate. 85%. Think of that. And I'm working to make the antibody treatment that I received available to anybody that needs it free on. It's getting very close to getting approved. We will have 100 million vaccine doses before the end of the year. Maybe sooner than that, maybe substantially. Before the Biden locked down. He's willing to lock you down. You guys aren't even open yet. What the hell is going on with your state? You know Florida's open all this. Florida had a surge. Great, Governor. Surge went down. Arizona had a surge went down. Great, Governor. Texas had a surge went down. You guys never opened. What the hell is going on in Pennsylvania? Right? Biden locked out will crush America. We will crush the virus. We're doing that. What? Crushing the virus? Look at our numbers compared to Europe. You know, they always said Oh, Europe, Europe, Europe. Look at our numbers compared. And we had the biggest off any country. The biggest comeback. We came back faster. We went down less economically. Came back faster. If you want depression, doom and despair, vote for sleepy Joe Biden and boredom. You know the great thing I always say. Someday these people get all of them back. Look at all those cameras. You know what I say? Someday they're gonna get smart. They're going to endorse president job. Because if you had Sleepy Joe that nobody's gonna be interested in politics anymore, that's gonna be the end of that. They will all go out of business. They should have gone out of business four years ago. Then I came along. If you want open schools and open economy and the safe, healthy, thriving country vote for May, we're gonna do it. We're doing it now. We're doing it now. We're joined today by a few of my friends. I'll tell you, this one guy, he got it right from the beginning. That's right. How did you know that? He's a warrior. He's tough, is hell. He could have only been groaned in Pennsylvania because he's that kind of a guy He said a long time ago when I know him. It was a year before the election, and I said, This is four years plus one. I said, how do you think we're gonna dio? He said, Sir, you're gonna win. He said, How the hell do you know that? I just started The escalator ride wasn't too old, right? The famous escalator with our first lady they love our first lady. Wasn't way had just come down. And a man named Congressman Mike Kelly said, Sir, you're gonna win in a Lancia. Come up here, Mike. Come on. Come on, get up. You can. He said I can't. I can't through to get They'll figure that. Don't hurt yourself so much. Don't prove everything. Just Hey, fellas, could you help the man? He's, You know, just give me Take your time, Mike. Don't hurt yourself. Can you imagine he's trying to climb over a barrier to show that you we don't want to hurt our mike. He's been right from the beginning. Has been with great guy. Come here on also my Pennsylvania campaign chair Done a fantastic really a fantastic job, Bernie Comfort Bernie. Thank you. Great job. Great job. Don't touch. Don't touch me, Mike. We'll get in trouble with the media. Don't say they touched each other. Do you ever seen it? If he would have done that, I saved you, Mike. I say maybe I saved your political career. They would have had a front page story of our two hands touching Mike. Say a few words. Ah. What? That was not a bad job. Ah, not a bad job, not a He's a great guy there. He really is your lucky to have him. Good job. You know, he shows up without the jacket. I feel a little guilty, Mike, with that. You're not called my guy. All right? Don't be too brave. We've got to keep them around. Right. Thank you. My great job. I appreciate it. Under my administration, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world. And now we're doing it again. In my first three years, we increased family income over $6000. Listen to this. More than five times the gains in all eight years under the previous administration. Think of that in just a short period of time. African American unemployment, Hispanic American unemployment and Asian American unemployment all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country. Think of a way, lifted nearly seven million Americans out of poverty. A record including nearly 1.2 million African Americans out of poverty since April. Just since April. Just now we created a record. Never happened like this. 11.4 million brand new American jobs. That's never happened on, you know, you were hearing. It sounds terrible to me when I say it, but you're hearing about 38% unemployment, right? 38. You're hearing 42%. So it was I'll take your fakeness fortune. Thank hey, thank goodness. But you know what? It was to 7.8% now, 7.8. When we're a 3.4 and 3.5. I don't like to say 7.8, but when you think about it, they were saying we're going to 42%. You know, not our fault. We had this plague coming from China. We're going to 48 42% 38% 37.8% and heading down rapidly. That's pretty amazing. When you think about under Biden, it took 30 months to recover more than half of the jobs lost in a crisis. We did it in less than five months. We've spent the last four years reversing the damage Joe Biden inflicted over the last 47 years. You saw what he's done, you know, it's amazing. He's always like, you know, it's not him he's not being critical, but he has writers. They see. Oh, let's do this that you know I have all the stuff. Vice President Biden said he has no idea what he said, but you know what I get. He just you know, he didn't leave long ago. He was here for eight years as vice president and 47 years plus as a politician in Washington. Think of it and he's always like, Why didn't he do this? What? Why the hell didn't he do it? He just, you know, Why didn't he do it 47 years? Joe, Why didn't you do it? He supported NAFTA tpp, which would have destroyed your industry and China's entry into the World Trade Organization. One cruel betrayal after another. It's true. I mean, what he's done for decades. Or politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders. Now we're doing our borders. Do you like that? Better. But now we're finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs. Our factories and our troops are beautiful. Beloved troops were bringing them all back home. It's time. 19 years to save our auto industry. I withdrew from the last administration's trans Pacific partnership. Pennsylvania gained Michigan auto factories, auto plants being built all over Michigan, Ohio. There wasn't a plant built in 42 years. Now they're being built all over the place in Japan. I told the Prime Minister you have to give us plans. You gotta You can't just keep sending us cars. You gotta make them over here and they started and you're a big beneficiary of it. To defend our steel and aluminum workers, I imposed very historic tariffs on dumped steel. Right. And that happened, and you are still all of your places started doing great. I ended the NAFTA nightmare and signed the brand new USMC A just kicked in. You know how I know it's good because the other two countries aren't so happy. It's good. They took advantage of us. For a long time. I took the toughest ever action to confront China's rampant theft of American jobs. Nobody has ever done. And you know what we were? Nobody's ever seen anything like this to China. We were taking taking in billions. Right now we're taking in billions, billions and billions of dollars it affect you a little bit. We gave $28 billion to our farmers because they were targeted by China on that was just a small fraction of what I took in. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border Southern border in U. S. History. So we're building 10 miles. You know, the wall is going to be completed very soon, and we had radical opposition to the wall. Radical opposition will be at 500 miles very soon and will be completed with the wall. And by the way, Mexico. You know, they keep saying Mexico is paying for the wall. They understand that they're paying for the wall. Mexico is paying for it. And it's very high, just like I said it would be. And it actually goes down very deep. You know why? Two reasons. Actually. Number one to hold it up. Number two to stop the tunnels. My opponent's immigration plan is the most extreme proposal ever put forward by a presidential candidate. Biden would eliminate us borders. How about that? Do you like that idea? Okay. Just think of it from a break. How the hell do you have a country if you don't have borders, he would eliminate. And you know that. Signed in the manifesto with Bernie Sanders. Crazy Bernie. Bernie is one of the I'll tell you what, He's one of the greatest losers, and I mean, that is a very nice twice. They took it away from them, right? Hillary took it away. And then Elizabeth Pocahontas Warren took it away because she stayed in on Super Tuesday. She took enough votes away, so he didn't want any states. And then he goes back to the center like nothing happened. This guy, he's I think he should be given, you know, in school, when I was a young guy in school sportsmanship of the year, I never happened to receive that. I got other awards. I never got the best Sportsmanship Award, but Bernie Sanders should be given sportsman of the Year. Sportsmanship, I guess, right? No, no, it's amazing. This happened to him twice. Is Bernie running again in four more years, Bernie, are you running again? Crazy, Bernie, But no. But they signed them, You know they didn't sign. I guess they have this deal. That manifesto they agreed Biden would eliminate, and she is more liberal than him. You know, she's more liberal. And there's nobody that treated Biden worse than Kamala. That's why I said, Why would you ever pick her? There's nobody that treated him worse. Biden would eliminate us borders by implementing nationwide catch and release, which I ended. If it's okay with you, you know what I did? You catch them. What do you do? They're murderers. They're rapists. You catch them, and then you have to release him. This is called Catch. This is a serious. This was a Democrat program headed up by crying Chuck Schumer. He's the one. You catch them, Brian job. He only cries when it's I've known him a long time. The only time he cries is when it's necessary. Crying, Chuck. No, no. You catch them and you release them into the country. And you say in 4.5 years, please come back for a trial. Nobody comes back. A couple of really stupid ones come back. Other than making every community into a sanctuary city and suspending all removals of illegal aliens, they want to suspend in this manifesto. No more moving out illegal aliens, even if they're really bad, including no violent criminals. You catch M s 13. Can't move them out. Thank you very much. We're living with them. This is what this is what these people want. This is the most important election in the history of our country. Look, you know, we can play games that we could be nice so we could have a good time. You think I need to be standing out here in 50 degree weather, looking at Mike in a shirt and he's on. He feels better about it that I dio. Right, Mike? No, this is This is the most important election in the history of our country. We cannot allow. We cannot allow this to happen. We're gonna win. We're gonna win so big, I think we're gonna win. You know, the lines with lines of record setting. The lines are big. The lines are big. A lot of a lot of Trump Trump. You know, people that a lot of people, great Americans, they never liked who they were voting for. They didn't vote, they just didn't vote. And they're online right now. There are a lot of people out there and it's looking good. It's early, but it's looking good. Get out and vote. Most important election Mike we've ever had. I really believe it. And you know what? Four or five months ago, when we started this whole thing because, you know, before the plague came in, I had it made. I wasn't coming to eerie. I mean, I have to be honest. There's no way I was coming. I didn't have Thio. I would have called you today area, you know, if you have a chance to get out. But we had this thing one way were so far up. We have the greatest economy ever. Greatest jobs, greatest everything. And then we got hit with the plague and I had to go back to work. Hello, Weary. May I please have your vote? I love Harry. No. Hey, We had a big deal in theory. Way had a big deal in the area, right? This was not supposed to be a trump thing. A lot of Democrats, but the Democrats that love Trump because I love them. And you know what? Your workers you're like, we work, We work, we work. But that was a pretty big upset, wasn't it, huh? Big, Big upset, But a Biden wins your borders. Air gone, which means your healthcare is gone. The middle class is gone. Your safety is gone. Your country is gone. That's what's gonna happen. I don't think it can't happen. Take a look at Venezuela. This could be the same. Ideology is what they're talking about. This could be a Venezuela, but much, much, much bigger. It could happen. It could happen. You see these people, you see what they're saying. You see Portland where they have anarchist through the streets and it's all Democrats run areas, no Republican areas. It's all Democrat run areas. That's where you have with Portland. It's anarchists, but look at the various. But look at what's happened to our beautiful New York since I've been gone. Think of it. You know what it's like 3.5 years. If you think of it, I think what I can say is, if I would have stayed in New York, that wouldn't have happened. It's very interesting, but look at what's happened to New York in a few years. What's happened to New York? What's happened to Chicago? Look at what's going on in Baltimore and just remember this with Obama. Biden They had nothing but problems. Look at Baltimore. Remember how bad that Waas Ferguson look at ST Louis? Look at Oakland. Look at all the problems. You know, they act like Oh, it was so it was horrible. And, you know, I say it all the time. If they were any good, I wouldn't have run. And if they were any good, if I did run, I couldn't have one. Right. But they were no good. They did a rotten job. They did a lousy job. And Joe is not equipped right now. No longer. He never really waas. You know, he we used to call him 1% Joe, and that was in prime time. How about this? And a non prime time? He ends up getting the nomination. Figure that one out to secure our border. I took the corrupt media. We had to take it on and they are corrupt. The powerful special interests in the open borders lunatics, because they'll destroy our country. In just three years, we removed over a half a million criminal aliens, including those charged or convicted of more than 145,000 assaults. 40,000 crimes and 6000 murders. 6000 murders. We got him the hell out. Something we had to keep because we didn't even want him out there were too dangerous because we don't want them coming back. And I want to thank ice and I want to thank our great Border Patrol. Always law enforcement. But I said Border Patrol, under a Biden administration, these criminals would be set free. Under my administration, these criminals are sent home or they have to be put in prison. We invested $2.5 trillion in the U. S. Military. We now have the greatest equipment we've ever had. We are the envy of Russia and China and everybody in the world. We have the best missiles and rockets and tanks and planes. F 35 stealth. You can't see it. Other than that, it's not so great. You can't see it. I went to one of the pilots. I said, How good is this play? Well, it's really good. Why is it good? Because the enemy can't see it. I said I don't know too much about what you do. Sounds good to me. And for our great veterans. We passed VA Choice and Va Accountability Way killed the leader of Isis al Baghdadi. Way killed the worst mass murderer, terrorist in many, many generations. Soleimani is dead, killed many soldiers, many people. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. By the way, if and when we win, my first call is gonna be from the heads of Iran and they're going to say, Let's make a deal. Their economy went from being strong. They were all over the world. Terrorism. Now their economy is totally tanked with our sanctions and other things and down GDP. Think of this GDP down 27%. Nobody's ever even heard of it. They don't want that. I want them to be a good cell. They cannot have a nuclear weapon. They cannot have a nuclear weapon. But I want them to be good. I want them to be strong. I want them to have a great country. The first call will be Iran. As soon as we win, they're going to call and we'll make a deal and others will also call. They're all hoping China, China, China wants system, China. They want they want Joe Biden so badly you have no idea there's they want. They are dying for Job I. The one they don't want is they don't want Trump. They've had enough of ttens of billions of dollars we get. I recognize the true capital of Israel and opened the American Embassy in Jerusalem. We don't want Trump, Please, We've had enough of Trump. Let's try somebody new. This isn't working. Hey, look, China has ripped us off more than any country in history. And by the way, plenty of our allies rip us off to between trade and military and everything else. I could go into that. I could speak about that all night long, but nobody has ripped us like China for many, many long before Obama, in all fairness and Biden long before them. They've ripped us off. Where's Hunter? Either? That's a good thing. Where's Hunter? Remember we said that wears Hunter, that we made the T shirt. It was a number one selling T shirt. Where's Hunter? What happened to Hunter? Where's our 10? I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights 52 years. They tried to do it. I did it in about two hours. I even got nominated for three Nobel Peace prizes. E on for all different things. One of the Middle East No. One is Kosovo. Serbia. You know, we're doing a deal with these countries. I say, Well, you guys have been fighting and killing each other. If we're doing a deal, let's get them to be like Let's not kill each other. And we worked out a deal. A beautiful economic deal between two places that just killed each other for years and years. And it just seems so easy and so natural, right? Anyway, in the Middle East, instead of all of the blood pouring all over the sand, we're ending all of that. And you see what's happening. Countries air joining left and right. No blood way did it a different way. We did it. How many times was I criticized? He can't get it done that way. You see this guy, John Kerry, who is grossly incompetent? The only time he ever left the negotiating table was to go into a bicycle race. He was 73 years. Any phealy broke his leg, his arm. Other than that, it was a wonderful day riding a bicycle, and I pledge that I will never be in a bicycle race. Okay, I did Maurin 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years. It's a vote for Republicans. Is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and a limitless future for all Americans. A vote for Republicans and a vote for me is a vote for the American dream. That's what it is. It's a vote for the American dream on in conclusion will make us a little shorter, you know, it's like about 40 degrees. I don't want people. I don't wanna lose anybody. You got to go vote. So we're gonna go a little shorter because you got to go out and I see, uh, even Mike, He's so brave. He's got the freeze his off. He said, Okay, look, I proved my point. Let's say, President, let's get me the hell out of here. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We're already doing that way will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults or law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities way will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. Second Amendment way on. If they get in, you will lose your Second Amendment. Remember that when you're getting ready, Thio Press Trump, we will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens. And we will keep America out of these ridiculous, horrible, endless wars Their endless We will maintain America's unrivaled military mate and we will ensure peace through strength. Way will end surprise. Medical billing require price transparency. Already signed starts on January 1st. It'll be bigger than healthcare. Watch this and further reduce the cost of prescription drugs. Which I've done, you know, with favorite nations. The drug companies do not like me too much. You will have drug prices going down. 50 60 70 80%. Could you imagine if he were in this position and people would go up to him? Mr. President, you've done a great job on drug prices. Oh, really? What happened? They're down 82% sir. Really? I can't believe it. You better give me the credit, Dammit! I'll tell you what I put what I've gone through the drug companies. They're spending a fortune on fake ants. They don't want me. They don't want me. China doesn't want me. Iran does it want? Nobody wants nobody. Eerie, eerie ones here he was on will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. Always, America will add, the first woman in the moon in the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on Mars that's already moving along way will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. Way will teach our Children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag Way will live by the timeless words of our national great national motto. It'll never be changed, you know. They wanna change that. You know they want to take certain words out like the word God Okay, in God we trust will always keep it. For years, you had a president who apologize for America. Now you have a president who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of Pennsylvania Always will Great state, great place a lot of friends. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co workers, get your boss striking you. But come on, boss. We got a vote and get out and vote. You know, you tend to vote very late, which is good. I understand that. You know, it's just the norms and you tend to vote late. Get out and vote. Get out and vote. This is the biggest election of our lifetime. Get out and vote from Scranton Toe Allentown from Pittsburgh to Harrisburg and from eastern to right here and eerie, we stand on the shoulders of red blooded American Patriots who poured out their hearts, sweating, sold to secure liberty and defend our freedom. Pennsylvania is the state. Were our founding fathers declared American independence. Think of it, Pennsylvania. Think of what you represented the state. What state? Honestly, and weaken. Say it. Thio with the other states. I love them. They've been great to me. They voted for us. Everything. But what states done some of the things that have taken place in Pennsylvania. It's where the army weather. It's brutal. Winter at Valley Forge, where General George Washington letters men on a daring mission across the Delaware and where our union was saved by the incredible heroes at Gettysburg, right I mean, who could say these things? And these names, Right? Gettysburg, these names. This is the place where generations of tough, strong Pennsylvania miners, Steelers factory workers forge the greatest nation in the history of the world. And believe me, the best is yet to come. It's coming. It's all happening. The best is yet proud. Citizens like you helped build this country. And together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. We are returning power to you. And I said that a long time ago when we started, it was being taken away. I just didn't know quite how deep the swamp was. It's a little deeper, a little more treacherous than I thought. But we're beating them. Well, they head will explode on November 3rd. Can you imagine thing You know what's gonna happen? You know it's gonna happen. I think they're finally going to say Okay, that's enough. Let's go. I think by that time they're gonna they're gonna have it. They will have had it. He goes, they better. With your help, your devotion in your drive, we're going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting and we're going to keep on winning. Winning, winning on. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God on together with the incredible And I mean that I know you well. A lot of time in this incredible land, This beautiful place, his place of history, the incredible people of Pennsylvania. We have made America powerful again. Our military never been like this. Remember at the beginning, when the overrated General said to May, Sir, we have no ammunition. I said no president should ever have that. No president should ever hear those words. Sir, we have no ammunition. We now have so much ammunition that even Mike would be impressed. So we've made it powerful again. We've made America wealthy against stock market new records. Your 401 k. Is everybody happy with their 41 time? You want to see you four? 01 case crash. It was on today. Varney, Varney. You know Stuart? He had a gentleman on. He said, you know, if Trump gets in, the market's going to go through the roof. If Tloses and this other guy gets in, you're gonna have a problem like you've never seen before. And I agree your 401 K is your stocks. You want to see him drop like a rock? If you wanna have some fun with your family explaining, why is it down 80%? Dad, We don't love you anymore, Dad. Now you're 41 case of doing great. Everything's doing great. We're gonna be in a position very soon. Like we've never been in even better than we were a year ago. We've made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Pennsylvania. Go out and vote. Go out and vote. Thank you, Pennsylvania.
