Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden (Again) Demands Coronavirus Actions That President Trump Has Already Done
Date: 2020-07-21
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-biden-again-demands-coronavirus-actions-that-president
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden (Again) Demands Coronavirus Actions That President Trump Has Already Done Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345787

Biden has always been two steps behind President Trump.In betweenlooking at his notesand rambling incoherently about "voter registration physicians" on MSNBC last night, Joe Biden attempted to articulate what the President should be doing to combat the Chinese virus.

The only problem?

Everything Biden listed, President Trump has already done.Biden said we need to increase coronavirus testing– but the United States already leads the world in coronavirus testing, withnearly 50 million tests completedand roughly 800,000 new tests being conducted per day.

The United States is alsotesting and tracking asymptomatic cases, allowing officials to identify and stop local outbreaks faster than other countries.Biden said we need a command officer to oversee vaccine development– but President Trumpalready put Army General Gustave Perna in charge of Operation Warp Speedto find a vaccinemonths ago.Biden said we need to use the Defense Production Act– but President Trump already has, beforeJoe Biden first mentioned it.

It was invoked toexpand coronavirus testing technologies and capacityalong with PPE and ventilator production.

Because of the President's leadership,no American who needed a ventilatorwent without one.Biden said we need to provide financial support to businesses– butPresident Trump already created the massively successful Paycheck Protection Program, savingmore than 51 million jobs, as much as 84% of all small business jobs in the country.Biden said we need free coronavirus testing and treatment– but President Trump alreadyensured Americans are able to get tested for freeby requiring insurance companies cover the costs of testing and prohibiting them from charging deductibles or copays.

The Trump Administration also ensuredpeople without health insurancewere able to receive treatment without being charged.Since the start of the coronavirus crisis,Biden has always been two steps behind President Trump.

When the President was taking decisive action to restrict travel from China to slow the spread of the virus and save American lives, Biden was busy criticizing the action as "hysterical xenophobia." When the President took action to save American jobs,Biden tried to undermine the successof the Paycheck Protection Program.Biden claims he wrote the "playbook" to combat pandemics, but Biden's real record isa shortage of masks, a botched vaccine rollout, and a halt in testing.Don't believe Biden's revisionist history:everything Biden says hewoulddo, President Trump has already done.

Joe Biden in the White House would bea deadly mistake.