Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Team Trump Online: Kamala Harris Lies for Political Advancement, President Trump Keeps His Promises to the American People
Date: 2020-08-22
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-team-trump-online-kamala-harris-lies-for-political
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Team Trump Online: Kamala Harris Lies for Political Advancement, President Trump Keeps His Promises to the American People Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345595

[APP Note:As withall"Campaign Documents" archived by the APP, the content of this document was prepared by the presidential campaign.

This isnotthe analysis or work product of the American Presidency Project.  We do not vouch for the accuracy of ANY campaign document published by any presidential campaign.

They are provided as part of the historical record.] Kamala Harris has spent decades lying for political gain and turning her back on the very people that believe her empty promises.

Kamala Harris will do or say anything to get ahead, including gleefully accepting the position of Joe Biden's running mate even after condemning him for his previous racist rhetoric and destructive policies.

Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are two sides of the same coin whose radical agenda and empty promises are dead wrong for America.

Our nation needs four more years of Promises Made, Promises Kept from President Donald J.

Trump.

This President continues to lead our country to historic heights and defends the principles that make America great - accomplishments the radical left cannot deliver for the American people.RNC Committeewoman (CA) Harmeet Dhillon and Former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Tito Ortiz discussed all this and more on tonight's 'Team Trump Online: Real News Insights,'hostedby Trump 2020 Senior Advisor Lara Trump.CLICK HERE TO WATCH"Phony Kamala's lies know no limits as she aims to fool voters into supporting her radical agenda to defund the police and hike taxes by $4 trillion, saidLara Trump, Trump 2020 Senior Advisor."The American people are not interested in Joe Biden and Kamala Harris' extreme policies, and our nation's patriots will make that message loud and clear at the ballot box this November."