Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Democrat Ohio Lawmaker Endorses President Trump: "President Trump has provided a record number of Black Americans with a real shot at the American dream"
Date: 2020-09-29
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-democrat-ohio-lawmaker-endorses-president-trump-president
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Democrat Ohio Lawmaker Endorses President Trump: "President Trump has provided a record number of Black Americans with a real shot at the American dream" Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/344002

As President Donald J.

Trump gears up to debate Joe Biden tonight in Cleveland, life-long Democrat and Ohio lawmaker Bernadine Kennedy Kent announced her endorsement of President Trump's re-election.

Joe Biden has spent nearly half a century in Washington and his actions have only resulted in further divisiveness and mass incarceration for Black Americans.

Only President Trump has taken historic action to empower the Black community through economic opportunity and access to quality education, resulting in the lowest poverty rate for Black Americans in U.S.

history.The letter from Bernadine Kennedy Kent, Ohio State Representative (D) – District 25 reads:"No matter what my feelings are towards the Democrat Party, one thing is crystal clear: my values truly align with President Donald J.

Trump's willingness to work with those of differing opinions and perspectives more so than with Joe Biden's divisive rhetoric, promotion of mass incarceration, and disrespectful, insensitive ideologies that substantiates his infamous comment '...if you're still deciding between me and Trump, then you ain't Black...' during an interview on a popular African American radio program earlier this year."Not only am I Black, I am a proud American and delighted to endorse President Trump for re-election.

Furthermore, I am honored to share with people my intent to vote for him and spread the word on the value of his leadership and his dedication to the American people."