Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Traffics in Fear After President Trump Delivers Tax Relief for American Workers
Date: 2020-08-09
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-biden-traffics-fear-after-president-trump-delivers-tax
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Traffics in Fear After President Trump Delivers Tax Relief for American Workers Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345861

Biden is the only candidate in the race who has tried to cut Social Security benefits.President Trumptook action last nightto institute a payroll tax holiday for American workers, along with other measures to provide financial relief for families and individuals impacted by the coronavirus.

Democrats in Congress sabotaged negotiations with absurd demands, so now, thanks to President Trump alone,working families will soon be receiving bigger paychecksas our economy reopens.What's good news for Americans is bad news for Joe Biden, who attacked President Trump's tax relief for the working class anddesperately dusted off the old playbook of Social Security scare tactics.Even Nancy Pelosionce toutedthe "boost" for families from a payroll tax cut, and said she did not "worry" that it would hurt Social Security.

Now Biden and the Democrats are singing a different tune, pushing bogus, false claims trying to scare seniors.So much for Biden's promise to "not traffic in fear or division."President Trumphas made it clearhe willalways fight to protectAmericans' hard-earned Social Security benefits.Joe Bidencan't say the same.

Bidenhas a long record of trying to freeze Social Security benefits,and hegot caught lying about it.

"When I argued we should freeze federal spending, I meant Social Security as well," Bidenonce proudly boasted."And I not only it tried it once.

I tried it twice.

I tried it a third time, and I tried it a fourth time."Biden is still trying to undermine Social Security.He wants to give amnesty to millions of illegal aliens and has evenimplied they deserve to receive Social Security benefits.

Biden will always put what the radical left wants before protecting American seniors.