Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - As Police Officers Sustain Injuries, Joe Biden Defends Violent Riots in Portland As 'Peaceful'
Date: 2020-07-22
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-police-officers-sustain-injuries-joe-biden-defends-violent
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - As Police Officers Sustain Injuries, Joe Biden Defends Violent Riots in Portland As 'Peaceful' Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345738

[APP Note:As withall"Campaign Documents" archived by the APP, the content of this document was prepared by the presidential campaign.

This isnotthe analysis or work product of the American Presidency Project.  We do not vouch for the accuracy of ANY campaign document published by any presidential campaign.

They are provided as part of the historical record.] Your family won't be safe in Biden's America.Joe Biden sided with the radical left-wing rioters in Portland yesterday, rebuking the brave law enforcement men and women putting their lives on the line to return order to the streets and keep people safe.At least three officers may have been permanently blinded, but Biden is simply too weak to stand up to the violent mob causing mayhem and assaulting police.Ashocking report from NBC Portlanddescribes Monday night's "peaceful protests," which Joe Biden is unconscionably defending:"Federal officers used tear gas on crowds of peopleafter some of them attempted to break into the federal courthouse and set it on fire late Monday night.""[P] eople beganspray painting the federal courthouse and pounding on plywood that covered the building…several people broke through the plywood and beganpounding the windows with metal objects.

They broke at least one window.""Several members of the crowdthrew rocks, bottles and other items at the federal officers[.] ""Some people in the crowdlit a fire near a door to the federal courthouse…Later, otherspoured an accelerant over the door at the front of the courthouse and lit it on fire.""Meanwhile,others continued to light fires downtown, including one on the awning and side of a building at Southwest Yamhill Street and 4th Avenue.""Windows at Portland City Hall were smashed during the night.""Someonelooted a jewelry storenear Southwest 3rd Avenue and Washington Street[.] "That is all from just one night.

Over the weekend, rioters alsoset fire to a police association office, burned flags, andbroke down barricades protecting federal property, all while theDemocrat Mayor of Portland blamed law enforcementfor the escalating violence.As Trump campaign communications director Tim Murtaughsaid last night, "That Biden would accuse law enforcement of 'stoking the fires of division' while the mob is literally setting fires to police buildings is unconscionable.

Biden has clearly lost his moral bearings and failed the leadership test." While Biden is too weak to stand up to the radical left-wing mob, President Trump will never stop working to ensure safe communities for all.