Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - JOSEPH'S FABLES: Joe Biden Lied About Being Arrested While Trying to Visit Nelson Mandela
Date: 2020-07-19
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-josephs-fables-joe-biden-lied-about-being-arrested-while
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - JOSEPH'S FABLES: Joe Biden Lied About Being Arrested While Trying to Visit Nelson Mandela Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345776

[APP Note:As withall"Campaign Documents" archived by the APP, the content of this document was prepared by the presidential campaign.

This isnotthe analysis or work product of the American Presidency Project.  We do not vouch for the accuracy of ANY campaign document published by any presidential campaign.

They are provided as part of the historical record.] Biden's record of plagiarism and dishonesty goes back decades.Earlier this year,Joe Biden repeatedly regaled voters with a taleabout himself being arrested 30 years ago in South Africa while trying to see Nelson Mandela.

The lie was detailed and deliberate.

"I had the great honor of being arrested with our U.N.

ambassador on the streets of Soweto trying to get to see [Mandela] on Robbens Island," Biden said.

He even went so far as to claim that he'd beenthanked by Mandelafor getting arrested.Biden fabricated the entire event.The ambassador Biden mentionedsaid it never happened.

Finally, Biden had to admit he made it up.

"I guess I wasn't arrested,"he told CNN.Similarly, Biden had to admit last year that an emotional, vivid story he liked to tell on the campaign trail about pinning a medal on a war hero wasalso made up.Biden'srecord of plagiarismanddishonesty goes back decades.Biden once saidhe was "shot at" in Iraq– that was false.

Hefalsely claimedhe confronted Slobodan Milosevic.

He told a voterhe was a coal miner– that was false too.

He claimed hemarched in the civil rights movement– nope, that didn't happen either.To downplay his coronavirus tall tales, the media said Biden sometimes has a"fuzzy concept of time"– but these deceptions can't simply be brushed aside as memory problems.Biden's still the same guy who misrepresented his law school grades and college degrees.

He's been making stuff up ever since.