Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - As Joe Biden Refers to Pennsylvania Voters as 'Chumps,' Trump Campaign Hosts Press Call Slamming Biden for His Anti-Fracking Policies
Date: 2020-10-24
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-biden-refers-pennsylvania-voters-chumps-trump-campaign
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - As Joe Biden Refers to Pennsylvania Voters as 'Chumps,' Trump Campaign Hosts Press Call Slamming Biden for His Anti-Fracking Policies Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/346838

Just today, Joe Bidenreferredto Pennsylvania voters as "chumps," demonstrating his complete disdain for the hard-working men and women of America.

This comes on the heels of Thursday's debate, in which Biden made clear his plans to destroy the Pennsylvania energy industry simply to appease his elite, radical environmentalist base.

In a press call with former Representative Lou Barletta (PA-11) and Sean Steffee of Boilermakers Local 154, the Trump Campaign exposed Joe Biden for his offensive disregard for the interests of blue-collar Americans.Click Here to Watch Joe Biden Call Pennsylvanians "Chumps""Joe Biden cares far more about the sensitivities of his coastal elite base than he does about the hard-working men and women of America.

He has consistently demonstrated his contempt for American workers by happily shipping jobs overseas, attacking the energy industry, and now calling hard working Americans who don't support him 'chumps' - all to appease his liberal extremist handlers.

It has never been more clear that President Donald J.

Trump is the only candidate in this race who will fight for American workers and defend them against the far-left," saidTim Murtaugh, Trump 2020 Communications Director."11 million people will lose their direct jobs under Joe Biden's plan.

The country will fall into a deep depression as the United States will once again be dependent on foreign countries for our energy.

Today, America is energy independent and an energy exporter, mainly because of the fracking here in Pennsylvania.

Pennsylvania will lose 609,000 jobs," saidformer Representative Lou Barletta (PA-11)."We can become the energy hub of Pennsylvania, and we can also become the manufacturing hub in Pennsylvania, but we need to use our fossil fuels.

And we have the technology to eliminate our carbon footprint and use the fossil fuels." saidSean Steffee of Boilermakers Local 154.