Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Police Officers Under Attack as Joe Biden Pledges To Cut Funding, Smears Them as the 'Enemy'
Date: 2020-07-13
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-police-officers-under-attack-joe-biden-pledges-cut-funding
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Police Officers Under Attack as Joe Biden Pledges To Cut Funding, Smears Them as the 'Enemy' Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345806

[APP Note:As withall"Campaign Documents" archived by the APP, the content of this document was prepared by the presidential campaign.

This isnotthe analysis or work product of the American Presidency Project.  We do not vouch for the accuracy of ANY campaign document published by any presidential campaign.

They are provided as part of the historical record.] President Trump and Vice President Pence back the blue.Police officers are under attack around the country, andJoe Biden is fanning the flames of hatred for law enforcement.Over the weekend, two police officers were shot and killed doing their jobs in McAllen, Texas.

Officers Edelmiro Garza Jr., 45, and Ismael Chavez, 39, "did not draw their weapons, did not fire, never stood a chance – never had a chance," said Police Chief Victor Rodriguez.

When Officer Chavez's daughter tweeted a heartbreaking farewell to her father,Biden supporters attacked herand called the phrase "Blue Lives Matter" racist.Meanwhile, a viral video emerged of a New York City police officer being attacked and put in a headlockas a cheering crowd egged on the gang member assailant.What is Joe Biden saying about this?

Nothing.But he is attacking police officers as"the enemy"andpleding to take away funding for policeand "redirect" it to other things,like housing.It's part of a pattern for Biden.

When his daughter wasarrested for attempting to obstruct a police officerand making "intimidating statements,"Biden said nothing.

And he's remainedtotally silentas violent crime claims more Black lives in Democrat-run cities like Chicago and Atlanta, just as he'sremained silentas his supporters attack statues of Abraham Lincoln, George Washington, and other Founding Fathers.In Seattle, the city council is preparing to following Biden's directionbycutting the police department's budget by halfand reallocating money to other services.

"We will be much less safeif they take 50% of the cops off the streets," said Seattle Police Chief Carmen Best this morning.

"They don't have a plan that I've heard to do anything to maintain public safety in the meantime.

I find this decision … to beincredibly reckless." If Biden opposes the Seattle City Council's move, he should say so.As the left-wing media runs cover for Democrats seeking to "Defund the Police," reporters have argued that some activists don't want to get rid of police entirely, but merely"redirect some of their funding to other services."NPR's chief Democrat activist Yamiche Alcindortweetedthe "NEEDED CONTEXT" that "defunding the police" in "many cases" "meansredirecting fundsfrom police departments to other parts of society that help people like housing."This is exactly what Joe Biden was asked aboutwhen he responded, "Yes, absolutely!"By the media's own standards, Biden has joined the "Defund the Police" movement.Today, President Trump will host a roundtable with people positively impacted by law enforcement.

They know that the vast majority of police officers are good people who put their lives on the line every time they put on the uniform.As Vice President Mike Pence toldthe Philadelphia Fraternal Order of Police Lodge #5 last week, "I want you to hear this directly from me...we're not going to defund the police.

Not now, not ever!"