Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Raises Campaign Cash With 'Defund the Police' Activist Mayor
Date: 2020-07-27
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-biden-raises-campaign-cash-with-defund-the-police
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Raises Campaign Cash With 'Defund the Police' Activist Mayor Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345754

Atlanta's Keisha Lance Bottoms defined defunding the police as redirecting money to social programs – which is exactly what Biden said he'd do.Aftercampaigning last nightwith "defund the police" supporter John Legend, Joe Biden is hosting a fundraiser tonight with Atlanta Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms, a "defund the police" activist who has overseen a tragic spike of violent crime in her city.Last month, Mayor Bottomsframed the issue of defunding the policeas a "reallocation of resources" to other social programs, which is exactly in line with Biden's pledge earlier this month to"yes, absolutely!""redirect" police funding to other agencies.

"We are ahead of the curve in Atlanta because we are already reallocating our public safety (funds), we are already moving 60 percent roughly out of our corrections budget into that very specific area," Mayor Bottoms said.

"So in some areas people are calling it defunding the police, in Atlanta we've been doing this work over the past couple of years."How has Mayor Bottoms' experiment worked out so far?

The Atlanta police force isdemoralized and in crisis.

Due to Bottoms' failed leadership, protesters shot andkilled 8-year-old Secoriea Turner.

According toWSB-TV, there has been"an alarming rise in violentcrime in Atlanta over the past month," with an86% increase in murdersand a22% rise in aggravated assaults.

Some city officials say the rising tension from the radical left is to blame:City Councilman Antonia Brown believes some people see the protests and tensions with police as an opportunity to commit crime.

"It's just unfortunate that there are individuals that are taking advantage of the opportunity of this divide between police and community, and you have incidents like this that are happening," Brown said."I'm tired of it.

You know what I'm saying?" said one woman who's teenage son was murdered.

"It's sad because it's Black-on-Black crime, andinnocent people are losing their lives."By Bottoms' own standard, Biden supports defunding the police.

It's clear he's too weak to stand up to the radical left – and more innocent people would lose their lives because of it.