Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Speaks Fondly of Racist White Supremacist James Eastland (Again)
Date: 2020-10-13
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-biden-speaks-fondly-racist-white-supremacist-james
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Speaks Fondly of Racist White Supremacist James Eastland (Again) Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345714

[APP NOTE: Like all "Campaign Press Releases" this document was entirely the product of a partisan political campaign.  It is archived at the APP as part of the record of campaign communications. The APP has not assessed the accuracy of any claims made here either pro or con.] Eastland once called Black Americans an "inferior race." Why does Biden love him so much? Last year, Joe Biden got in trouble with Kamala Harris whenhe fondly recalled his warm relationshipswith racist segregationists in the Senate. Biden praised the white supremacists for their "civility," even hailing infamous Democrat bigot Senator James Eastland, who believed Black Americans to be an "inferior race." Biden happily recalled that Eastland "never called me boy."At the time, Kamala Harriscriticized Bidenfor"coddling" the "reputations of segregationists,"attacking him as "misinformed" and "wrong," and called Biden's comments a "very serious matter." Instead of apologizing, Biden doubled down, incredulously asking "apologize forwhat?" and telling Cory Booker that "he knows better" than to criticize him.Despite the fact that Biden's own campaign advisors havebegged him not to bring up his warm relationshipwith James Eastland,Biden apparently didn't learn his lesson. Yesterday,Biden did it again, speaking affectionately of how Eastland supported his campaign early in his career, repeatingthe same storyhe told eight years ago.Eastland is known forproclaiming "the white race is a superior race"and for calling Thurgood Marshall the n-word – a wordJoe Biden is very familiar with.Biden isn't just a career politician.Biden is a relic of an outdated era when he helped white supremacists enact laws that disproportionately impacted Black Americans:Bidenbragged about working with segregationist Senator Strom Thurmondto pass legislation requiring mandatory minimum sentencing for possession of a quarter-size of crack cocaine.Bidenspoke fondly of segregationist Democrat Senator Robert Byrd, a former KKK leader that Biden called a "mentor," "guide," and "friend."Bidenspoke positively about segregationist Democrat George Wallaceand bragged about receiving an award from him.President Trump is right:racial justice begins by retiring failed politicians like Joe Biden from public life.