Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - While Joe Biden is Silent, President Trump Takes Action to Protect American Lives
Date: 2020-07-13
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-while-joe-biden-silent-president-trump-takes-action-protect
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - While Joe Biden is Silent, President Trump Takes Action to Protect American Lives Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345805

Why won't Biden speak up to protect Black lives?

Over the past month, there has been adramaticriseinmurdersandshootingsin Democrat-run cities across the United States.

The far-left mob's spree of violence and destruction has taken a massive toll, and Black Americans are paying the heaviest price.President Trump wants our communities to be safe for all, and is making good on his commitment to ending the lawlessness perpetuated by the radical, left-wing mob.The U.S.

Department of Justicelaunched Operation Legend— a coordinated and aggressive law enforcement response aimed at combating the surge in violence in cities across America.While the Trump Administration takes action to protect Black lives,Biden has failed to condemn or even acknowledge the"extraordinary spike"in violent crime that is claiming the lives (and livelihoods)of Black Americans across the country.In Atlanta,protesters shot and killed8-year-old Secoriea Turner.

In Seattle,protesters shot and killed19-year-old Horace Lorenzo Anderson Jr.Too weak to stand up to the radicals running his party, Biden is joining them.He called law enforcement "the enemy" andsaid "yes, absolutely!"when asked if he supported redirecting funding for police departments.

Meanwhile, New York City is seeinga whopping 400 percent increase in police retirementsandMinneapolis is moving full-steam-aheadwith its proposal to eliminate the city's police department altogether.When David Dorn, a 77-year-old Black retired St.

Louis police officer,was killed by looters, President Trumpquickly condemnedthose responsible for his murder.

When violent rioters desecrated historical monuments to Founding Fathers and abolitionists across the nation, President Trump ordered his administration to find and punish the perpetrators.

As the radical leftburns American flagsand attackspolice stationsandfederal buildings, Joe Biden's refusal to clearly condemn these acts speaks volumes.

His silence is deafening—and it's a preview of what's to comein Joe Biden's America.