Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT CHECK: Joe Biden Cut Police Funding As VP and Said He Will Do It Again
Date: 2020-08-22
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-fact-check-joe-biden-cut-police-funding-vp-and-said-he-will
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT CHECK: Joe Biden Cut Police Funding As VP and Said He Will Do It Again Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345645

President Trump increased police funding and was endorsed by major law enforcement organizations.Joe Biden isspreading liesabout President Trump's record because he knows President Trump isright:Joe Biden said he would cut police funding.Biden is anempty vesselfor the radical left and fully embracedtheir dangerous agenda.

Biden said he would "yes, absolutely!" "redirect" funding away from policeto other things like housing.

Moreover, the Biden-Sanders unity platform'sproposed destruction of qualified immunity for policewould financially eviscerate local police departments even further, effectively bankrupting and destroying them.No amount ofsynonym gameswill change the facts.Further, Joe Biden already cut police funding as Vice President:Despite Biden's promise in 2008 to fully fund the COPS program, the Obama-Biden administrationslashedfunding.

COPS funding went from $1.55 billion to $792 million.

At the time, police groups protested the Obama-Biden cuts, calling the funding reductions "simply irresponsible."Federal aid to state and local law enforcementfellduring the Obama-Biden Administration.

Total federal grants to state and local governments from the Justice Department were cut by $833 million.Joe Biden broke his promise and cut police funding when he was Vice President.

If he's elected president, he will do it again.In stark contrast to Biden's abandonment of law enforcement, the Trump Administrationincreasedfederal aid to police:Under the Trump Administration, total Justice Department grants to the states for justice functions haveincreasedby nearly $4 billion.Total federal grants to state and local law enforcement, including non-Justice Department programs,increasedunder President Trump after falling under the Obama Administration.Under President Trump, COPS fundingincreasedto $276 million in 2018 and $304 million in 2019, the highest levels since fiscal year 2011.President Trump's strong record of support for the law enforcement community has won himendorsementsfrom major law enforcement organizations.

Theyrecognize the threatposed to them by the radical left agenda supported by Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.