Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - President Trump is the Only Candidate Who Will Put American Seniors First
Date: 2020-08-14
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-president-trump-the-only-candidate-who-will-put-american
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - President Trump is the Only Candidate Who Will Put American Seniors First Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345822

Joe Biden tried to cut Social Security, and now he wants to make illegal immigrants eligible.The contrast between President Trump and Joe Biden could not be more clear.For 40 years, Joe Biden advocated for freezing Social Security and Medicare benefits, asBernie Sanderspointed out.

Bidenargued for and supported efforts to cut Social Security, and he voted to raise taxes on Social Security benefits.

In 2007, Bidensaidhe would "absolutely" look at all options regarding Social Security andwarnedthat Democrats "have to make tough decisions" on Social Security.

Now, Biden islying about his recordwhile fully embracing the far left andsuggestingthat illegal immigrants deserve to receive Social Security benefits.In contrast, President Trump made anironclad pledgeto protect Social Security—and he'smaking goodon that promise.President Trump has also delivered other good results for seniors.

Hesignedan executive order to "protect and improve" Medicare with expanded payment options and fewer regulations.

In fact, the number of Medicare Advantage plans available to seniorsincreasedby nearly 1,200 during the first two years of the Trump Administration, and premiums havedeclinedby 23% over the last two years.

Prescription drug costs havefallenbelow historic trends, seniorssawa boost in the value of their retirement accounts, and the Trump economy led to arecord high numberof 401(k) and IRA millionaires.President Trump believes benefits like Social Security and Medicare shouldgo to Americans who truly need them—not people who come into our country illegally.

Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and the rest of the radical left are a different story.

They will never put Americans first.