Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - As the Vice President Lands in Duluth, Mayors From Historically Democrat Strongholds on the Iron Range of Minnesota Announce Their Endorsement of President Trump
Date: 2020-08-28
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-the-vice-president-lands-duluth-mayors-from-historically
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - As the Vice President Lands in Duluth, Mayors From Historically Democrat Strongholds on the Iron Range of Minnesota Announce Their Endorsement of President Trump Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345620

As Joe Biden and Kamala Harris embrace the socialist agenda of the radical left, Democrats and Democrat communities across America are abandoning their party's nominee and embracing President Donald J.

Trump.

As Vice President Pence travels to Duluth, Minnesota today, he promises that the Trump Administration will make every American more prosperous and secure.

Voters across the country understand that we need a strong leader like President Trump to rebuild our country.

Whether it be leaders in the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party or Mayors from Democrat strongholds, today’sendorsementsfrom Minnesota's Iron Range highlight the growing support for President Trump's re-election campaign.The letter from Mayor Larry Cuffe of Virginia, Minnesota, Mayor John Champa of Chisholm, Minnesota, Mayor Chuck Novak of Ely, Minnesota, Mayor Chris Swanson of Two Harbors, Minnesota, Mayor Robert Vlaisavljevich of Eveleth, Minnesota, and Mayor Andrea Zupancich of Babbitt, Minnesota reads:"Lifelong politicians like Joe Biden are out of touch with the working class, out of touch with what the country needs, and out of touch with those of us here on the Iron Range and in small towns like ours across our nation.

In this election, there is a lot at stake, but the biggest risk is our jobs, our economy, and our way of life.

President Trump delivered the best economy in our nation’s history, and President Trump will deliver for us again.

He will continue to fight for every American, regardless of party affiliation and continue to stand up for the working class."To read the full letter, clickhere.