Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Elizabeth Warren, Another Far-Left Phony for Joe Biden
Date: 2020-08-19
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-elizabeth-warren-another-far-left-phony-for-joe-biden
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Elizabeth Warren, Another Far-Left Phony for Joe Biden Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345859

She slammed Biden as a failed "Washington insider." Now she supports him anyway.Fresh off of herappearanceat the Democrats' Native American Caucus, Pocahontas is taking the stage tonight to endorse the manshe describedas a "Washington insider" backed by "Washington insiders" who "will not meet this moment."Now, Elizabeth Warren sees Joe Biden for what he truly is: an empty vessel for her far-left agenda.Biden has embraced nearly every extreme policy Warren campaigned on, no matter how far-left.The only person further leftthan Warren is Biden's new handler – Kamala Harris.Biden, Harris, and Warrenall support raising taxes on middle-class American familiesto fund their far-left liberal wishlist.

The Biden-Harris agenda will increase Americans'taxes by $4 trillion.Just like Elizabeth Warren,Joe Bidenand Kamala Harris support giving taxpayer-funded health care to illegal aliens.

Biden even suggested illegal immigrants deserve to receive Social Security benefits.Kamala Harris's health care plan would banprivate insurance.

It's the same plansupportedby Warren.Biden wants the samejob-killingGreen New Dealagenda Warren endorsed, andHarrisagrees with Warrenthat Americans need to curtail their meat consumption and use of plastic straws.Biden,Harris, andWarrenall agree on the sameopen-bordersandsanctuary citypolicies that will put the safety of American families at risk.Warren and Harrisintroducedlegislation allowing a baby to be aborted all the way up through the moment of birth.

Biden agrees, and evenwants to force taxpayersto fund the heinous practice.Warren knows Joe Biden is atrojan horsefor her far-left agenda.

That's why she'scompletely abandoned her "believe survivors" mantraand supports Biden, despite Tara Reade's sexual assault allegations against him.Warren supported the woman who made allegations against former New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg in February,asking, "why shouldn't I believe her?" She proudly and gleefully participated in the evidence-free, politically motivated smearing of Brett Kavanaugh and was adamant that women who make allegations must be believed.

Warren evensupportsthe Title IX standards that Biden set for students on college campuses.The same standards would find Biden guilty.Warren is just like Kamala Harris – a total phony.