Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - War Room Weekly: Joe Biden & the Left Produce Dreary DNC, President Trump & RNC to Highlight American Success
Date: 2020-08-21
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-war-room-weekly-joe-biden-the-left-produce-dreary-dnc
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - War Room Weekly: Joe Biden & the Left Produce Dreary DNC, President Trump & RNC to Highlight American Success Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345646

The highly anticipated Democratic National Convention featured Joe Biden, pawn of the radicals running his party, and out of touch Hollywood elites painting a doom and gloom picture of America.

With Biden and Kamala Harris promising to raise taxes by $4 trillion, dissolve our borders, and lead our country towards oppressive socialism, it is no surprise that Americans are not rallying around their radical agenda.

President Trump built the greatest economy in the world and is building it a second time, and continues to strengthen and uphold the laws of our land, and safeguard our constitutional freedoms and liberties.

The Republican National Convention next week will celebrate America for what it truly is - the greatest nation on Earth.Rep.

Lee Zeldin (NY-01) and Rep.

Warren Davidson (OH-08) discussed all this and more on tonight's 'War Room Weekly,'hostedby Trump 2020 Director of Communications Tim Murtaugh.CLICK HERE TO WATCH"The complete takeover of Joe Biden by the radical left is now complete, and we can see him for what he clearly is - an empty vessel to carry the socialist agenda of his handlers," saidTim Murtaugh, Trump 2020 Director of Communications."Joe Biden and Kamala Harris have been in Washington for decades, failing the American people.

Come November, the American people will have to compare Joe Biden’s long record of failure and President Trump’s record of leading America to historic heights.

The choice will be crystal clear."