Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - American Energy Alliance Endorses President Trump and Four More Years of Invigorating the U.S. Energy Industry
Date: 2020-08-18
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-american-energy-alliance-endorses-president-trump-and-four
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - American Energy Alliance Endorses President Trump and Four More Years of Invigorating the U.S. Energy Industry Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345631

As Joe Biden and the radical left brag about their plans to rob Americans of energy independence and sacrifice hundreds of thousands of blue-collar jobs in pursuit of their unaffordable energy agenda, President Trump is leading the nation towards robust energy dominance.

In just his first term, President Trump has made significant strides in undoing the damage inflicted on the energy industry by the previous administration, allowing the U.S.

to become the world's preeminent energy superpower.

TheAmerican Energy Alliance's endorsementof President Trump's re-election is a testament to the Trump Administration's historic actions to secure more prosperity for American families and businesses through pro-energy policy reforms."Under the leadership of President Trump, the United States has become the world's largest producer of oil and natural gas, greatly enhancing our energy security in the process.

If given a second term, President Trump will no doubt pursue and achieve numerous additional victories for the American people, including reducing the size and influence of the federal government in our daily lives, maintaining our status as the number one energy producer in the world, and reducing the involvement of the federal government in energy markets, thereby putting those decisions in the hands of consumers, families, and businesses.

For all of these reasons and many more, I am proud to announce AEA's endorsement of Donald J.

Trump for re-election and look forward to four more years of putting America's energy interests first."- Thomas Pyle, American Energy Alliance President