Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - As Joe Biden Wages War on Blue Collar Workers, Boilermakers Local 154 Endorses President Trump
Date: 2020-09-03
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-biden-wages-war-blue-collar-workers-boilermakers-local
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - As Joe Biden Wages War on Blue Collar Workers, Boilermakers Local 154 Endorses President Trump Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345589

Under President Trump’s leadership, the United States has reversed the abysmal energy policies of the Obama-Biden administration and is leading the world in oil and natural gas production – but Joe Biden’s embrace of the radical left’s energy agenda would reverse all that progress.

Biden’s former administration waged a war on American energy – and now, Biden supports the elimination of all fossil fuels and fracking, which would kill millions of blue collar jobs, hurt Americans who rely on the now-booming U.S.

energy industry, and send our nation’s economic success plummeting.

With President Trump’s proven track record for American energy independence and Joe Biden’s record of failure when it comes to this crucial industry, the Boilermakers Local 154endorsedPresident Trump for re-election this November:"As the United States continues to lead the world in oil and natural gas production it is imperative that we continue to battle over-regulations in the fossil fuel industries and fight for American energy production.

My members and their families are dependent on these industries and it is imperative that we continue to develop new opportunities and energy infrastructure in America.

Boilermaker jobs specifically rely on coal-fired power generation and we strongly encourage the advancement of Carbon Capture technologies which can secure future jobs for our members.

It is with great honor that I write this letter to endorse your campaign as you run for re-election of the President of the United States.

I am happy to support your administration as you have proven to be a true friend of the Boilermakers, and I wish you the best of luck in your campaign."–John J.

Hughes, Business Manager for Boilermakers Local 154, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania