Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - [Trump Campaign] FACT CHECK: After Charlottesville, President Trump Specifically and "Totally" Condemned "Neo-Nazis and White Nationalists"
Date: 2020-08-12
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-trump-campaign-fact-check-after-charlottesville-president-1
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - [Trump Campaign] FACT CHECK: After Charlottesville, President Trump Specifically and "Totally" Condemned "Neo-Nazis and White Nationalists" Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345842

[This document, like all the others identified as "Trump Campaign Press Releases" was entirely prepared by the Trump Campaign.  This includes no independent research or fact-checking by the American Presidency Project.  Interested users can also see in our archive President Trump's remarks to reporters on08/12/2017,08/15/2017and04/26/2019.] Joe Biden, who honored a former KKK Exalted Cyclops and repeatedly used the N-word, is lying again.As CNN's Jake Tapper has said, President Trumpdid notcall neo-Nazis or white supremacists "very fine people."Jake Tapper:"Elsewhere in those remarks the President did condemn neo-Nazis and white supremacists.

So he's not saying that the neo-Nazis and white supremacists are very fine people"President Trump, August 15, 2017:"I'm not talking about the neo-Nazis and the white nationalists — becausethey should be condemned totally."Joe Biden loves to traffick in fear and divisionby lying about what Trump said orhasn't said.

But Biden is the one who proudly befriended segregationists, touted an award from George Wallace,honored a former Exalted Cyclops of the Ku Klux Klan, worried his kids would grow up in a "racial jungle," marveled that Barack Obama was "articulate" and "clean," bragged about being from a slave state, andrepeatedly used the n-word.Biden happily accepted the endorsement of Rep.

James Clyburn, a proud supporter andstrong defender of racist anti-Semite Louis Farrakhan, who said Hitler was "a very great man." Kamala Harris also racked up endorsements fromFarrakhan lovers, including Rep.

Alcee Hastings and Rep.

William Lacy Clay.President Trump hasrepeatedly and specifically denounced racism, extremism, anti-Semitism, and white supremacists.

Here are just a few examples:TRUMP: "The anti-Semitic threats targeting our Jewish community and community centers are horrible and are painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil." (February 21, 2017)TRUMP: "Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries as well as last week's shooting in Kansas City remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms." (April 11, 2017)TRUMP: "We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry, and violence.

It has no place in America." (August 14, 2017)TRUMP: "The riots in Charlottesville a year ago resulted in senseless death and division… I condemn all types of racism and acts of violence." (August 11, 2018)TRUMP: "We forcefully condemn the evil of anti-Semitism and hate.

It must be defeated." (April 27, 2019)