Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Will Joe Biden Put Castro-Loving Communist Karen Bass A Heartbeat Away from the Presidency?
Date: 2020-08-01
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-will-joe-biden-put-castro-loving-communist-karen-bass
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Will Joe Biden Put Castro-Loving Communist Karen Bass A Heartbeat Away from the Presidency? Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345816

Biden's embrace of the far-left would destroy America.It's shocking that Joe Biden wouldeven considerputting communist Karen Bassa heartbeat awayfrom the presidency – but that's exactly what he's doing."In more than two dozen interviews with CNN in recent days, members of Congress, top Democratic donors, Biden allies and others close to the vice presidential vetting process said California Rep.

Karen Bass, the 66-year-old chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, hasgained real tractionin the late stage of the search," reports the network.Not only does Bass have a long history of supporting Fidel Castro's communist regime in Cuba, but she has openly admitted that communists were a "huge" influence on her:Bass spoke fondly of Cuban dictator Fidel Castro when he died, calling him "Comandate En Jefe." She admits that she went to see Fidel Castro speak "several times" in Cuba, calling him "charismatic."In the 1970s,Bass was a leader of the Venceremos Brigade, a Marxist group started by the Castro regime to subvert American interests, weaken democracies, and spread communism around the world.

The communist Daily World described her as the group's "leader" in Southern California in 1975.

"To be a member of the brigade,you had to be confirmed as a Marxist-Leninist," a sheriff's deputy who infiltrated the grouptestifiedto the U.S.

House in 1972.The Venceremos Brigade led trips to Cuba and allegedly trained radical young Americans in "terrorist tactics and guerrilla warfare," according to the Los Angeles Times.

The U.S.

Senate heard testimony in 1975 that members of the Venceremos Brigade weretaught how to make bombsduring their trips to Cuba.Bass went to Cuba at least 8 times in the 1970sand has said the trips were a "great way to meet activists."Bass admitsshe participated infirearms trainingduring a Brigade camping trip in the Los Angeles area in the 1980s.In 2008,Bass saidshe wasinfluenced by "white radicals"when she was growing up, including communists.

"[The white left] playeda huge role for me.

In Hamilton [High School] for instance, lots of the Jewish parents were activists.

Some of them were inthe Communist Party.

So I grew up with a lot of red diaper babies.

And there were some African American parents who were inthe Communist Party.

There were teachers who were inthe Communist Party.

So white radicals were very influential.

And at the same time you have the Panthers and the whole Black movement," said Bass.In 2017, Bass entered a statement into the Congressional Recordeulogizing Oneil Cannon, a member ofthe Communist Party USAwhohelped elect her.

Bass described Cannon as a "mentor."This is the person Biden is seriously considering to be his vice president.

As Biden has noted, that person could become president "if something happens to me." Biden considering communist Karen is a sign of what would be in store for America if Joe Biden is elected.