Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - 1 YEAR AGO TODAY: Joe Biden Heaps Praise on the Socialist Squad
Date: 2020-07-16
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-1-year-ago-today-joe-biden-heaps-praise-the-socialist-squad
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - 1 YEAR AGO TODAY: Joe Biden Heaps Praise on the Socialist Squad Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345799

Too weak to stand up to the radical left, Biden is taking orders from them.One year ago today, Joe Biden called far-left Democrat Rep.

Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez (AOC)"brilliant,"and the rest ofthe socialist squad"really smart." Now he's taking orders from her and Bernie Sanders, who once said, "I don't mind people calling me a communist."Biden and Sanders released a"unity platform"starringAOC as a co-chairon climate policy.

"I'm working with Bernie and his people,"Biden said.

AOC authored the Green New Deal, which Biden hasembraced.Sanders touts the fact that he forced Biden to move"a whole lot"to the left and thinks Biden would be"the most progressive president since FDR."Rep.

Pramila Jayapal, a co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, was also given a leadership role on the Biden-Sanders task force, andbragsabout "really push[ing] " Biden's "platform much further" to the left.Biden is too weak to stand up to the radical left, so he's completely surrendered to them.He'sa Trojan horsefor the extreme, left-wing agenda.That's why Biden isputting America last and illegal aliens first.

It's why he's pledging tosacrifice hundreds of thousands of blue-collar energy jobsandend American energy production.

It's why he pledging toraise taxeson middle-class families,shut down charter schools and take away school choicefrom parents and children.

It's why he said he would"absolutely" cut funding for police.As Biden bows to the far-left radicals running the Democrat party, it's clearyour family won't be safe in Joe Biden's America, and neither will your paycheck.