Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - As Joe Biden Defends Beijing, Americans' Distrust of China Reaches All-Time High
Date: 2020-07-31
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-biden-defends-beijing-americans-distrust-china-reaches
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - As Joe Biden Defends Beijing, Americans' Distrust of China Reaches All-Time High Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345760

Biden has sided with China for decades.A new surveyfrom the Pew Research Center shows nearly three in four Americans, including 83% of Republicans and 68% of Democrats, hold an unfavorable view of China—up 26% since 2018. More than two-thirds of Americans "say China has done a bad job dealing with the coronavirus outbreak" andnearly 80% agree that "a great deal or fair amount of the blame for the global spread of the coronavirus" is due to the Chinese government's response.That's bad news forBeijing Biden. The sharp rise in negative attitudes toward China makes it clear that voters do not agree with Biden's sympathetic stance towards China.Biden repeatedChinese propaganda about the coronavirusand spent decadescozying upto the Chinese government. He attacked President Trump's restrictions on travel from China as irrational and "hysterical xenophobia." Heblockedattempts to protect human rights in the U.S. trade relationship with China. He said China is "not a problem," "not bad," and "not competition," and said that a prosperous China is in American workers' "self-interest." He led the effort to give China "most-favored nation" trading status and even blocked the addition ofhuman rights standardsandlabor standardson Beijing's behalf. Unfortunately, Biden's actions cameat the expense of American workers.WhileBiden is still defending China,President Trump is keeping his promise to stand up to China and hold the Chinese government accountable.Henegotiateda trade deal that puts American workers first,called outChina for its coronavirus coverup, andtook a hard lineon China's inexcusable intrusions into Hong Kong.For more than four decades, Beijing Biden has beenflat out wrong—and he's still carrying water for China.