Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT CHECK: President Trump's Early Action Against Coronavirus Saved Lives
Date: 2020-08-19
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-fact-check-president-trumps-early-action-against-0
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT CHECK: President Trump's Early Action Against Coronavirus Saved Lives Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345868

Even Democrats praised the Trump Administration's response.While Democrats were focusing on impeachment, President Trump and his administration weretaking action to combat the coronaviruscoming out of China. The White House established a task force in January, and immediately sought to send health experts to China on January 3.Dr. Fauci saidthe Trump Administration "acted very, very early" to combat the spread of the virus. He also said President Trumpdid not delay at allwhen the recommendation was made to put in place mitigation.Top Biden advisor Ron Klainsaidon February 11 that the Trump Administration was"far from doing nothing."Even Democrat governorspraisedthe Trump Administration's response. "What the federal government did, working with states, wasa phenomenal accomplishment," said one.FACT: President Trump restricted travel with China on January 30, a decision that saved American lives.Joe BidencriticizedPresident Trump's decision as "hysterical xenophobia," andthe media attacked it too.Dr. Fauci said President Trump's decisionsaved lives.FACT: The Trump Administration partnered with the private sector to successfully launch an unprecedented expansion in coronavirus testing.President Trumpcompletely overhauled the old and outdated testing systemand replaced it with an innovative new testing strategy to meet the country's needs. Now, the United States leads the world in coronavirus testing,with more than 70 million tests completed.The United States istesting and tracking asymptomatic cases of coronavirus, which allows officials to identify and stop local outbreaks faster than other countries."We are in a much better place on testing,"writes National Review's Rich Lowry, "thanks, in large part, to a Trump-administration strategy that the press scorned, or said didn't exist."FACT: The federal government launched a historic mobilization of the public and private sectors to secure the U.S. supply chain for critical coronavirus equipment.President Trumpused the FDA and the Defense Production Actdozens of times to expand coronavirus testing technologies and capacity.National Review: "Production [of ventilators] was ramped up quickly working with manufacturers and occasionally using the DPA.""We needed a significant amount of the supply chain from the administration to allow us to at least double testing in New Jersey,"said New Jersey Gov. Phil Murphy (D)."We got it… they're helping us out."FACT: President Trump iskeeping his promiseto develop a vaccine atrecord speed.President Trump launchedOperation Warp Speedto guarantee that the American people are first in line for a safe, effective coronavirus vaccine – at no cost – as soon as one is developed.The Trump Administrationannounced an historic deal with Pfizerto secure 100 million doses of a vaccine – with nearly half a billion more to potentially follow – as soon as it is successfully approved and manufactured.The U.S. now has a portfolio of vaccines that will help the U.S. meet its goal of delivering 300 million doses of a safe, effective, and authorized vaccine by the end of the year, including successful trials fromAstraZenecaandModerna.