Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - The Radical 17
Date: 2020-08-18
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-the-radical-17
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - The Radical 17 Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345639

If these 17 Democrats are "rising," that's a very bad sign.Despite refusing to accept the results of her election, Stacey Abrams was chosen to lead a band of 17 "rising stars" in delivering the keynote address of the Democrat National Convention.If this band of 17 radicals is the future of the Democrat Party, Americans should be very worried. They all hold far-left positions that are well outside the mainstream.In addition to having no respect for the will of the voters, Stacey Abrams apparently has no respect for the law. She owed the IRS $54,000 in back taxes, but still wants to raise taxes on everyone else.Abrams alsofoundeda socialist student group in college andcalledfor a total boycott of white-owned businesses. Is that what Democrats want for America?These are the far-left fanatics calling the shots for Joe Biden. Meet the rest of the radical 17:Rep. Colin Allredsupports legislation to redirect funding away from police departments toward social justice programs —just like Joe BidenandKamala Harris.Rep. Brendan Boylesupports Bernie Sanders's socialist Medicare For All scheme, which would outlaw private health insurance plans. He also supports the job-killing socialist Green New Deal.Rep. Conor Lambembraced "defund the police" activists. He'd make our communities less safe, just like Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.South Carolina State Sen. Marlon Kimpsonsupports forcing taxpayers to pay for abortion of babies, even in the final month of pregnancy --just like Joe Biden.Nevada State Sen. Yvanna Cancelawants to block local law enforcement from working with federal immigration authorities to enforce our laws. Along with Joe Biden, they'd turn America into one giantsanctuary city for illegal aliens.Pennsylvania State Rep. Malcolm Kenyattasupports the socialist Green New Deal and opposes fracking. He'd love to work with Joe Biden and Kamala Harris to destroy millions of American jobs.Former Ohio State Rep. Kathleen Clydesupports unlimited, unrestricted abortion at any time, for any reason—and she wants you to pay for it with your tax dollars,just like Joe Bidenand Kamala Harris.Florida Agriculture Secretary Nikki Friedopposes Second Amendment rights. It's no wonder she supports Joe Biden, whosayshe will come for Americans' guns.Navajo Nation President Jonathan Neztried to help block construction of the Dakota Access pipeline, an important energy infrastructure project that supports blue-collar jobs. He's an anti-affordable energy extremist — justlike Joe Bidenand Kamala Harris.California Mayor Robert Garciamade Long Beach a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants and even created a special taxpayer fund to support them. Garcia personifies the "America Last" mentality Joe Biden has been adhering to for nearly half a century.Alabama Mayor Randall Woodfinsupports sanctuary cities,just like Joe Bidenand Kamala Harris.Texas State Rep. Victoria Neavesupports sanctuary cities, just like Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.New Hampshire State Rep. Denny Ruprechtopposes giving parents the power to choose where their child goes to school, denying students the opportunity to receive a quality education.Tennessee State Sen. Raumesh Akbarisupports allowing babies to be aborted because of their gender or the color of their skin.Michigan State Rep. Mari Manoogiansupports unlimited, unrestricted abortion at any time, for any reason -- and she wants you to pay for it with your tax dollars, just like Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.Georgia State Rep. Sam Parksupports illegal immigration and opposes including a citizenship question on the census. He and other Democrats are totally opposed to putting Americans first!