Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT CHECK: Joe Biden's Policing Task Force Was a Massive Fail
Date: 2020-09-02
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-fact-check-joe-bidens-policing-task-force-was-massive-fail
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT CHECK: Joe Biden's Policing Task Force Was a Massive Fail Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345585

CNN let the Biden campaign get away with the lie.During an interview on CNN, Joe Biden Senior Advisor Symone Sanderstried to rewrite the historyof the failed Obama-Biden 21st Century Policing Task Force, citing it as a "success" for the vice president. CNN's Jim Sciutto failed to push back on her claim, but even a cursory glance at the facts shows that the taskforce was a dud.Despite being launched in 2014, by May 2016,just 15 police departmentsout of 18,000had signed on to the Obama-Biden police reforms initiative. Analysts said it "failed to put muscle behind the rhetoric" and "failed to attack the heart of the problem."Not only did Biden's policing task force fail, butas Vice President Joe Bidenslashedfunding for police.Now he's said he will "redirect" funding away from police again:Despite Biden's promise in 2008 to fully fund the COPS program, the Obama-Biden administrationslashedfunding. COPS funding dropped from $1.55 billion to $792 million. At the time, police groups protested the Obama-Biden cuts, calling the funding reductions "simply irresponsible."Federal aid to state and local law enforcementfellduring the Obama-Biden Administration. Total federal grants to state and local governments from the Justice Department were cut by $833 million.Joe Biden broke his promises, cut funding, and failed to create meaningful reform through his task force. President Trump has done just the opposite. He is a champion for the brave men and women of law enforcement. President Trumpincreasedtheir federal aid and worked with law enforcement and community leadersto pursue safe policing and safe communities.