Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Has Been Proven Totally and Utterly Wrong About Iran
Date: 2020-09-12
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-biden-has-been-proven-totally-and-utterly-wrong-about
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Has Been Proven Totally and Utterly Wrong About Iran Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345528

Israel is more secure and Iran is more isolated thanks to President Trump.Joe Biden has terrible timing.On Thursday, Biden claimed President Trump "put Israel in danger by tearing up the Iran nuclear deal, and replaced it with nothing." On Friday, President Trump announced the second peace deal between Israel and an Arab state in the last month,another accomplishmentthat had beenout of reach for decades.Not only has President Trump's foreign policy strengthened America's national security, it has also made Israel safer,advanced the cause of peace in the Middle East, andbrought countries in the region together in opposition to Iran.Joe Biden has beenwrong about every major foreign policy decisionof the last four decades, andhe's been proven totally and utterly wrong yet again.Biden said President Trump's decision to withdraw fromthe failed Iran dealwould make war more likely. In fact, Iran is weaker and more isolated than ever.Biden said President Trump's decision tomove the U.S. embassy to Jerusalemwould inflame tensions in the region. In fact, the UAE and Bahrain have now agreed to historic peace deals with Iran.Biden said that President Trump's decision to eliminate Iranian terrorist Qasem Soleimani – who was responsible for the deaths of hundreds of American troops in Iraq –was a mistakethat amounted to "tossing a stick of dynamite into a tinderbox." Biden claimed "we could be on the brink of a major conflict across the Middle East."None – not a single one – of Biden's predictions came true.If Biden is elected, he will reverse President Trump's strong measures against Iran,giving the largest state sponsor of terrorism a massive infusion of resources (again).The mullahs would love to return to the days ofBiden secretly shipping them pallets of unmarked cashandletting Iran get away with taking Americans hostage. No wonderIran wants President Trump to lose the electionand islooking to Biden for a lifeline."For more than three years, the naysayers brayed that the Trump administration's moves in the region would hinder the peace process and potentially lead to conflict,"writesNational Review's editors. "At every turn, they have been proven wrong."None of them were more wrong than Joe Biden.