Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - President Trump's USMCA Levels the Playing Field for American Cattle Farmers
Date: 2020-07-14
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-president-trumps-usmca-levels-the-playing-field-for-american
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - President Trump's USMCA Levels the Playing Field for American Cattle Farmers Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345791

President Trump replaced NAFTA with a better trade deal that delivers wins for America's beef and dairy farmers.On Cow Appreciation Day, we celebrate the millions of hardworking cattle farmers across America who are poised to benefit from the new United States-Mexico-Canada (USMCA) trade deal negotiated by President Trump.American farmers, who tend to almost95 million head of cattle, spent decades at a disadvantage due to the disastrous NAFTA deal Joe Biden supported.Now, the newly-ratified USMCAis leveling the playing field—and that's good news for cattle farmers and producers across the United States.The"landmark"USMCAwill boost U.S. agricultural exports by $2.2 billion, giving beef cattle farmersduty-free accessto Mexico and Canada, expanding dairy farmers' access to Canada's marketsmore than anticipated, and allowing dairy producers toexport three times as much productto Canada. Additionally, the new USMCA dealeliminates Canada's unfair 'Class 6' and 'Class 7' programs, which allowed low-priced dairy ingredients to undersell American dairy products. Further,U.S. dairy exports are expectedto rise by more than $300 million per year.There's a reason dairy and beef advocacy groups across the country praised the deal. "Dairy is one of the big winners," wrote theNational Milk Producers Federation. "A crucial win for all U.S. beef producers," wrote theNational Cattlemen's Beef Association.Career politician Joe Biden spent decades in Washington failing our nation's farmers. He supported the disastrous NAFTA trade deal and now heembracesthe socialist Green New Deal. That's one reason American cattle farmers would suffer under a Joe Biden presidency. In Iowa, according toone analysis, a Green New Deal methane tax would cost cattle farmers $2,000 per cow—nearly $8 billion each year.The men and women of America's cattle industry supportmore than $76 billionin sales per year—and that number will only continue to grow as farmers take advantage of the pro-agriculture policies championed by President Trump and his administration.