Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT CHECK: Joe Biden's Middle East Record Is Riddled with Failures
Date: 2020-10-07
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-fact-check-joe-bidens-middle-east-record-riddled-with
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT CHECK: Joe Biden's Middle East Record Is Riddled with Failures Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345684

[APP Note:As withall"Campaign Documents" archived by the APP, the content of this document was prepared by the presidential campaign. This isnotthe analysis or work product of the American Presidency Project.  We do not vouch for the accuracy of ANY campaign document published by any presidential campaign. They are provided as part of the historical record.]He will never stand up for America on the world stage.Joe Biden presided over 47 years of foreign policy failures that appeased terror regimes around the world, led to the rise of ISIS, kept America in endless conflicts overseas, and left Americans less safe.As former Obama-Biden Defense Secretary Robert Gates said, Biden "has beenwrong on nearly every major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four decades."Joe Biden voted for the Iraq War.He later lied about it, falsely claiming that he came out against the war "immediately, the moment it started."Joe Biden claimed Iraq would be "one of the greatest achievements" of the Obama-Biden Administration, shortly beforeISIS rose to powerand declared a caliphate over enormous swaths of the Middle East.Joe Biden kept American troops locked in endless conflicts overseas. He later tried to scrub his record, claiming that he "got 150,000 combat troops out of Iraq." The Washington Post gave that claimtwo PinnochiosBiden opposed successful U.S. missions to take out dangerous terrorists:Biden opposed the raid to kill Osama Bin Laden, telling then-President Obama: "Mr. President, my advice is don't go."Obama admitted during a 2012 presidential debate thatBiden opposed the raid to take out Bin Laden.Biden opposed President Trump's decision to kill notorious terrorist Qasem Soleimani, claiming it would cause a "major conflict across the Middle East." This major conflict never materialized.The Obama-Biden Administration delayed a mission to potentially rescue American Kayla Mueller, who was captured, tortured, raped, and killed by ISIS.Kayla's parents said the decision showed"more concern for the terrorists in Guantanamo, than the American hostages in Syria"Biden coddled the dangerous Iranian regime during his eight years as vice president and left the U.S. military in tatters:He pushed through the Iran Nuclear Deal, whichsupercharged Iran's ability to fund terrorismaround the world and did not stop Iran for obtaining a nuclear weapon.Biden and Obama secretlyshipped Iran pallets of unmarked cashand let Iran get away withtaking Americans hostage.The Obama-Biden administrationleft the U.S. military massively depleted, leaving American troops less safe in conflicts overseas, and Americans less safe at home.