Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - JOSEPH'S FABLES: Joe Biden Claimed He Came From a Family of Coal Miners
Date: 2020-07-28
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-josephs-fables-joe-biden-claimed-he-came-from-family-coal
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - JOSEPH'S FABLES: Joe Biden Claimed He Came From a Family of Coal Miners Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345744

[APP Note:As withall"Campaign Documents" archived by the APP, the content of this document was prepared by the presidential campaign. This isnotthe analysis or work product of the American Presidency Project.  We do not vouch for the accuracy of ANY campaign document published by any presidential campaign. They are provided as part of the historical record.]Biden even plagiarized his family history.16 years ago today, Joe Biden claimed he probably would have been elected president in 1988 if he hadn't lied thathe came from a family of coal miners, in a speechplagiarized almost word-for-wordfrom British politician Neil Kinnock. In 2004, Biden admitted that he made it all up. "Turns out I didn't have anybody in the coal mines, you know what I mean?" he laughed. "I tried that crap – it didn't work."But in 2008, Biden shamelessly tried it again anyway, claiming that he himself had been a coal miner: "I hope you won't hold it against me, butI am a hard-coal miner, anthracite coal, Scranton, Pennsylvania." By 2012, he hadrevised his life story yet again: "My mom and dad weren't poor. Barack [Obama] makes me sound like I climbed out of a coal mine in Scranton with a lunch bucket…. No one in my family worked in a factory."Given hisplagiarism in law school, lies about marching in the civil rights movement and being shot at in Iraq, and false story about being arrested in South Africa, Biden's tall tales about coal mining are justanother chapter in Joseph's Book of Fables.We know where Biden stands on coal today. After appropriating the life experiences of coal miners for political gain, Biden embraced the far-left and pledged toeliminate hundreds of thousands of blue-collar jobsand make sure that "not another new coal plant will be built." He said there would beno place for coal and frackingin a Biden Administration, and dismissively told coal miners to "learn how to program."Joe Biden is a lot of things: a plagiarist, a liar, a failed politician, an empty vessel for the radical left. One thing he is not is a coal miner.