Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Blood, Mortars, Ball Bearings: Joe Biden's 'Peaceful' Protests
Date: 2020-07-27
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-blood-mortars-ball-bearings-joe-bidens-peaceful-protests
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Blood, Mortars, Ball Bearings: Joe Biden's 'Peaceful' Protests Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345750

Biden remains silent instead of condemning potentially deadly assaults on law enforcement.Does Joe Biden have a dictionary in his basement? Because it seems like he needs a refresher on the definition of "peaceful." Despiteanotherweekend of violence and destruction in Portland and otherDemocrat-run cities,Biden is still refusing to condemn the rioters and criminals. Instead, Biden insists the violent agitators are 'peaceful' while blaming law enforcement for the violence.Areporter spent the weekend inside the Portland federal courthousewith members of law enforcement, proving the on-the-ground reality is incredibly different than Biden's basement fantasy:"'[O]n the other side of that fence are people that want to kill youbecause of the job we chose to do and what we represent,' said a Deputy U.S. Marshal who has been protecting the courthouse for weeks. He requested anonymity because protesters have identified him and posted his personal information online.'I can't walk outside withoutbeing in fear for my life," he said. "I am worried for my life, every time I walk outside of the building.' …"Thirty minutes later, someone fired acommercial-grade fireworkinside the fence. Next came a flare and then protesters began using anangle grinderto eat away at the fence. A barrage of items came whizzing into the courthouse:rocks, cans of beans, water bottles, potatoes and rubber bouncy ballsthat cause the agents to slip and fall…"Without lights, the agents hoped they would be better protected from people in the crowd who werefiring metal ball bearings through the windows with sling shots. Thick ribbons of green light fromblinding laserscrisscrossed the courthouse lobby, forcing the agents who were resting in between deployments to the fence to duck and weave to protect their eyes…"The firework came whizzing over the fence so fast that the agent didn't have time to move. It exploded with a boom,leaving his hearing deadened and bloody gashes on both forearms…"By the end of the night, five other federal agents would be injured, including another who got aconcussionwhen he washit in the headwith a commercial-grade firework. One agent washospitalized. Several agents havelingering vision problems from the lasers."Why has Joe Biden failed to condemn this violence?Police associations nationally and locallyknow thatBiden is too weakto stand up to the radical, left-wing mob that attacks and disrespects the brave men and women of law enforcement. That's why they're endorsing the President. President Trump will alwaysfight for law and orderand ensurecommunitiesare safe for all Americans.