Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - HEARTLESS: Joe Biden Would Force Students Into Failing Schools
Date: 2020-07-13
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-heartless-joe-biden-would-force-students-into-failing-schools
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - HEARTLESS: Joe Biden Would Force Students Into Failing Schools Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345804

[APP Note:As withall"Campaign Documents" archived by the APP, the content of this document was prepared by the presidential campaign. This isnotthe analysis or work product of the American Presidency Project.  We do not vouch for the accuracy of ANY campaign document published by any presidential campaign. They are provided as part of the historical record.]Biden puts big money union bosses before disadvantaged students.The Joe Biden-Bernie Sanders "Unity Task Force"calls forkilling the private school choice program in D.C. andan all-out-war against charter schools and school choice in America. Biden defended charter schoolsin 2001, but now his marching orders come fromspecial interest groups more interested in protecting their own powerthan doing what is best for children.Bidensent his own kidsto private school, buthe wants to deny that same choice to parentsand force them to send their children to failing schools.Biden says that if he's elected, charter schools are gone.Black, Brown, and low-income families would bear the brunt ofBiden's heartless policy.Of the 1,732 students that received an opportunity scholarship in Washington, D.C., last year,more than 82% were Blackand almost 12% were Hispanic and/or Latino. The average household income of a recipient was $26,440.In Pennsylvania, more than 50,000 students remain on a waiting list after a school choice expansion bill was vetoed by the Democrat governor, a Biden supporter."In a number of low-income minority communities in New York City, charter school classes and classes in traditional public schools are held in the same buildings, serving the same communities,"notes Thomas Sowell. "Some of the contrasts are almost unbelievable."Parents understand what's at stake.That's why strong majorities support school choice policies, according tosurveys.President Trump and his administration are working to make sure all American students have the opportunity to succeed in a school that meets their needs, whether it's a public school, private school, or charter school. Parents should have the power to choose –but if Joe Biden gets his way, they won't have a say at all.