Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT: Joe Biden Will Never Stand Up To China
Date: 2020-10-22
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-fact-joe-biden-will-never-stand-china
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - FACT: Joe Biden Will Never Stand Up To China Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/346963

Even now, Biden repeats Chinese propaganda about the coronavirus and fails to admit he allowed China to kill millions of American jobs.It's no wonderChina prefers Joe Biden to win the election: Beijing Biden cozied up to the Chinese for decades and tolerated their trade abuses while they shuttered American factories and robbed America of millions of manufacturing jobs."The U.S. welcomes the emergence of a prosperous, integrated China," Biden told the Chinese in 2001. Now that Americans' distrust of China is atan all-time high, Biden is trying to rewrite history and hope voters forget the decades he spent rubber-stamping China's economic rise.Biden championed China's entry into the World Trade Organization, which cost the United States 60,000 factories and 3.5 million jobs.Biden led the effort to give China "most favored nation" trade status,falsely promisingit would not hurt American workers. He even described his support for China as an "accomplishment"on his website.For years, Biden defended China,saying, "It is in our self-interest that China continue to prosper,"that"China's not a problem," andthatChina is "not competition" for America.Biden even saidlast yearthat Chinese Communist Party officials are "not bad folks."Bidenblockedattempts to protect human rights in the U.S. trade relationship with China.Despite China unleashing a deadly virus on the world, Biden hasn't changed. He's still kow-towing to Chinese interests over American workers:Biden recently said he wouldend President Trump's tariffs on Chinawithout getting anything in return, reverting back to the failed status quo.Bidenparroted Chinese communist talking pointsabout the coronavirus even as China blamed the U.S. military for its spread.Biden attacked President Trump's restrictions on travel from China as irrational and "hysterical xenophobia." Experts now admit President Trump's action saved American lives.When President Trump fought back againstChinese disinformationby accurately stating that the coronavirus originated in China,Biden sided with the Chinese.WhileBiden is still defending China, President Trump is keeping his promise to stand up to China and hold the Chinese government accountable. Henegotiateda trade deal that puts American workers first. He ispulling critical supply chains out of China. Hecalled outChina for its coronavirus coverup. Hetook a hard lineon China's inexcusable intrusions into Hong Kong. In fact, ending American reliance on China is a main tenant of President Trump'ssecond term agenda.Joe Biden had a lifetime to prove he has what it takes to get tough on China­—and he failed. Beijing Biden has never stood up to China, and he never will.