Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Met With At Least Two of His Son Hunter's Foreign Business Partners
Date: 2020-10-14
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-biden-met-with-least-two-his-son-hunters-foreign-business
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Met With At Least Two of His Son Hunter's Foreign Business Partners Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345719

How stupid does Biden think the American people are?Joe Biden repeatedly lied to the American people when he said he never talked with his son Hunter Biden about his foreign business dealings.In addition togolfing with Burisma board member Devon Archer,Joe Biden met with Hunter's foreign business partners on at least two occasions:When Vice President Joe Biden flew to China on Air Force Two in 2013, his son Hunter went with him. According toABC News, "Hunter Biden acknowledges he introduced his father to one of his new business partners -- Jonathan Li, who ran a Chinese private-equity fund, Bohai Capital. And during the trip Hunter Biden met privately with Li" in Beijing. "Hunter Biden was forming a Chinese private equity fund, planning to raise money, including from Chinese investors,"said an NBC News reporter. "Ten days after the Bidens' trip, Shanghai authorities issued the fund's business license."According to an April 17, 2015, email published byThe New York Post, Hunter Biden arranged a meeting between his father, Vice President Joe Biden, and a top advisor to the board of Burisma, Ukrainian Vadym Pozharskyi. "Dear Hunter, thank you for inviting me to DC and giving an opportunity to meet your father and spent [sic] some time together. It's realty [sic] an honor and pleasure," the email from Pozharskyi to Hunter reads.The Biden campaign did not dispute the authenticity of this email, and issued a carefully worded comment stating in part that it has "reviewed Joe Biden's official schedules from the time and no meeting, as alleged by the New York Post, ever took place." Of course Vice President Biden's "official schedules from the time" don't say "meeting with Hunter Biden's Ukrainian business associate to discuss Burisma." How stupid does Joe Biden think the American people are?If Joe Biden never met with Hunter's Ukrainian Burisma colleague Vadym Pozharskyi, the Biden campaign would say so.But they aren't saying that.