Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Victims of Voter Fraud: Initial Announcement of Deceased Georgians Used to Vote in 2020 General Election
Date: 2020-11-11
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-victims-voter-fraud-initial-announcement-deceased-georgians
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Victims of Voter Fraud: Initial Announcement of Deceased Georgians Used to Vote in 2020 General Election Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/346922

Trump campaign releases first set of illegally cast ballots from dead voters; Americans should have confidence their votes are not rendered meaningless due to illegally cast votes by scheming fraudsters.The American people deserve a free, fair, and fully transparent election in which every legal ballot is counted and every illegal ballot is not counted.Having confidence in our elections means knowing that votes are legally cast and that voters themselves are legally eligible to cast a ballot.Americans cannot have confidence in election results unless elected officials, law enforcement authorities, and fair-minded journalists take the issue of voter fraud seriously and investigate potential instances thoroughly. The Trump campaign will continue to bring these allegations to light, andthe media and election authorities should vigorously examine them.Here are several examples in Georgia that should be investigated:Voter records show someone used the identity ofMrs. Deborah Jean Christiansen of Roswell, Georgiato vote in the recent election, even though Mrs. Christiansen passed away in May 2019. Further, someone registered Christiansen to vote on October 5, the day of the deadline to register, more than a year after she passed away.The Atlanta Journal-Constitutionran an obituary announcing Christiansen's death at the time of her passing.Someone used the identity ofJames Blalock of Covington, Georgiato cast a ballot in last week's election, even though Blalock died in 2006. Blalock's death notice ran in theJournal-Constitutionshortly after he passed away that year.Linda Kesler of Nicholson, Georgiadied in 2003, but someone cast a ballot under her identity in last week's election. Nicholson's death notice ran in theJournal-Constitutionwhen she passed away.Edward Skwiot of Trenton, Georgiais shown as having cast a ballot last week, even though he died in 2015. TheChattanooga Times Free Pressran a death notice in April of that year.These victims of voter fraud deserve justice, and legal voters should be able to have confidence that their votes are not rendered meaningless due to illegally cast votes.