Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - NO BOAT PARADES: Enthusiasm for Joe Biden is Sinking
Date: 2020-07-17
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-no-boat-parades-enthusiasm-for-joe-biden-sinking
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - NO BOAT PARADES: Enthusiasm for Joe Biden is Sinking Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345766

Black Americans, progressives, and young voters are not motivated to support Sleepy Joe.Joe Biden has an enthusiasm problem.Black voters, young voters, and progressives arenot excitedto vote for Joe Biden.Black voters are increasingly skeptical and unenthusiastic about supporting Biden.Withhis record of praising segregationistsand authoring legislation thatmass incarcerated Black Americans, they have every right to be. Politically-active Black voters in Michigan recentlydescribedBiden as "dismissive" and "patroni[zing]." Young Black voters especially have"reservations about Joe Biden" because of his "moments of problematic commentary or statements."Black womenalso have reservations about supporting the former VP,worrying that he is taking their vote for granted. Biden has one response to Black Americans who don't know if they're going to vote for him: telling them they"ain't Black."Young voters don't want to vote for Biden.For months they'vebegged, "please don't make me vote for Joe Biden."TheythinkBiden is"creepy and old and out of touch and kinda lame."Given Biden's embarrassing, glitch-filled digital appearances, it's not surprising that there's alack of enthusiasm for Biden among young votersand hisappeal is decreasing. Sleepy Joe can barely get through a pre-scripted appearancewithout getting lost.Even progressives are on the fence about Joe Biden.DespiteBiden's constant failureto stand up to the radicals in his party, progressives just aren't that into him. Biden's "excitement is extremely low and that should always be alarming for candidates. It's the Hillary Clinton strategy all over again,"worriedone progressive activist.President Trumpis beating Biden on the most important factor in this campaign: enthusiasm. Whether it's the President'shistoric primary voter turnout, hisrecord-setting boat parades, or thethousands of people who turn out to see the President speak, it's clearPresident Trump's voters will run through a brick wall to vote for him.Ain't nobody running through a brick wall to vote for Joe Biden– and he certainlywon't be having a boat parade any time soon.