Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Is a Puppet of the Castrochavistas Who Control His Party
Date: 2020-09-25
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-biden-puppet-the-castrochavistas-who-control-his-party
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden Is a Puppet of the Castrochavistas Who Control His Party Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345707

President Donald Trump's visit to Doral today is a good opportunity to contrast his achievements for Hispanic Americans with Joe Biden's record of betraying our communities.While President Trumphas deliveredrecord-breaking prosperity for Hispanic Americans and stronglyproclaimedthat America will never be a socialist or communist country,Joe Biden has proven himself to be a puppet of the Castrochavistas who control the Democrat Party.Biden has pledged to be "one of the most progressive presidents in American history." Hispanicsknow exactlywhat"progresista"means—and we do not want that garbage ideology in America.Bidenrefusesto say whether he will do in America the same thing that Nicolás Maduro did in Venezuela andpackthe Supreme Court with leftist justices.As a Senator,Biden voted five timesto undermine the brave freedom fighters who were working to defeat Nicaraguan dictator Daniel Ortega and the Castro-backed Sandinista movement.In 1996,Joe Bidenvoted to eliminate Section 936 for Puerto Rico, which stripped it of its pharmaceutical industry, sent thousands of Puerto Rican jobs to China, and shattered the island's economy. Meanwhile, President Trump is making historic investments inLa Isla Del Encanto.When Joe Biden met with Nicolás Maduro in 2015,hecomplimentedthe brutal Venezuelan dictator on his hair.Biden has beenendorsedby Colombian socialist Gustavo Petro, a former M-19 guerrilla member.Biden haspledgedto return to the failed policy of showering Cuba's communist dictatorship with unilateral concessions.President Trump stands with the people of Cuba, Nicaragua and Venezuela.Biden could have stood up to socialism by pledging to excise the Neo-Marxist wing of his party. Instead,Biden releaseda Unity Platform with socialist Sen. Bernie Sanderswho infamouslypraisedFidel Castro's indoctrination programs andclaimson his Senate website that Venezuela is emblematic of the American Dream.Bidennamedsocialist Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez as co-chair of his campaign's climate task force. When President Trump led an international coalition to stop Venezuelan dictator Nicolás Maduro's murderous regime,Rep. Ocasio-Cortezrefused to denounce the Venezuelan dictatorship.Biden insulted millions of Hispanics when heconsideredCastro-loving communist Rep. Karen Bassas his running mate. Not even the fact that Bass was a leader of theVenceremos Brigade, a radical Marxist group conceptualized by Cuba's intelligence agency, kept her off of Biden's VP shortlist.Let's be clear: Biden's appeasement Castrochavistas like Sanders, Ocasio-Cortez, and Bass is an insult to millions of Hispanics and it should disqualify him from the presidency. The only reason why Biden gets a pass is becauseour contemporary Walter Durantysin the Fake News Media use their platforms tonormalize socialismand hide the Democrat Party's extremism from the American people.It is a sham that is no longer working. Hispanics know better, which is why Joe Biden and his culturally incompetent campaign arestrugglingwith our communities while President Trump grows his diverse coalition.We do not want Castrochavismo in our country.