Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Trump Campaign Fights Nevada Democrats' Unconstitutional Attack on Election Integrity
Date: 2020-08-05
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-trump-campaign-fights-nevada-democrats-unconstitutional
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Trump Campaign Fights Nevada Democrats' Unconstitutional Attack on Election Integrity Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345753

Donald J. Trump for President, Inc., along with the Republican National Committee and the Nevada Republican Party,filedsuit Tuesday night in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada to invalidate Nevada Democrats' unconstitutional Assembly Bill 4 (AB4), which systematically attacks election integrity and tears down key election security safeguards, putting millions of Nevadans' ballots at risk this November. This unlawful legislation mandates universal vote-by-mail in Nevada and allows ballots cast after Election Day to be included in the state's results."Every American who is eligible to vote should be able to freely do so,"the lawsuit states."Republicans have always supported efforts to make it easier for voters to cast their ballot. At the same time, however, the electoral process cannot function properly if it lacks integrity and results in chaos. Put simply, the American people must be able to trust that the result is the product of a free and fair election."Jenna Ellis, Trump 2020 Senior Legal Advisor: "Democrats know President Trump is gaining ground in Nevada, so they fully and fundamentally overhauled Nevada's election laws in a rushed 72-hour attempt to rig the election. This unconstitutional legislation implements the exact universal vote-by-mail system President Trump has been warning against for months, making it nearly impossible for every Nevada voter's ballot to count. Nevada Democrats are allowing ballots castafterElection Day to count, practically inviting Nevada's elected liberal leaders to hold the election open until their political operatives harvest enough ballots to swing the election in their favor—ultimately delaying the election. President Trump will not stand for this attack on election integrity, and he is fighting to protect Nevada's right to vote."Ronna McDaniel, RNC Chairman: "Democrats changed the rules of the game at the last minute to try and rig this election. They overturned a bipartisan ballot harvesting ban to allow strangers to pick up a ballot for anyone, including the most vulnerable to COVID-19, and have thrown out many important safeguards. Nevadans saw the dangers of automatically mailing ballots during their June primary. The integrity of the election was at risk then, and it is even more so now. AB4 will destroy the confidence every voter deserves to have in our elections."Nevada Democrats' unconstitutional law:Implements the chaos-ridden universal vote-by-mail system President Trump has consistently warned againstRequires the state to blindly mail every voter—verified or not—a ballot, whether they want one or notAllows ballots cast after Election Day to count, legalizing Democrats' efforts to hold the election open until their political operatives harvest enough ballots to swing the election in their favorMakes Nevada the first place where ballot harvesters can openly harvest ballots after Election DayInvites the chaos and voter disenfranchisement seen inNew York City'sandCalifornia'sprimaries into Nevada during the general electionPermits paid ballot harvesters to fill out ballots on behalf of voters 65+ under the guise of "voter assistance," legalizing intimidation of older votersOpens the door to fraud by allowing multiple ballots to be mailed back to the election office in a single envelope, though the bill ironically provides for each mailed ballot's prepaid return postageEffectively makes it impossible for results to be delivered in Nevada on Election NightThe Trump campaign's lawsuit seeks to:Invalidate AB4 as unconstitutionalPrevent the state's liberal leadership from enforcing the legislationTo read the full lawsuit filing, clickhere.