Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden's Bad Week
Date: 2020-07-24
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-bidens-bad-week
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden's Bad Week Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345749

From botching the name of the virus to defending China, it's clear Biden is struggling despite his extremely light schedule.Joe Biden did not have a good week. Even Charlamagne Tha God said he wished Biden would "shut the eff up forever." The only positive forBarely There Bidenis he won't remember any of it tomorrow – but we will. Here are the lowlights:Bidenannouncedanother big government spending plan written by the radical left, whichwill kill millions of good-paying union jobs and crush middle-class Americans with massive tax hikes. Herefusedto answer reporters' questions, claiming he had another event to attend – but no one knows what event he was referring to.Biden again suggested coronavirus actions that President Trumphas already done.Biden referred to "covid-9," babbled about nurses that would "breathe in my nostrils to make me move," invented the term "voter registration physicians," admitted "I'm confused who I'm talking to," forgot what he was saying andhad to be promptedby a staffer,defended China, struggled to remember the word "aneurysm," and had his staffinterrupt and end a local TV interview.Biden sided with theviolent rioters in Portlandand called them "peaceful" even as theybarricaded law enforcementinside a courthouse and attempted to set it on fire. Biden'sstaff support the radical movement to defund the policeand Biden himself said he would "redirect" funding away from police.AfterportrayingMitt Romney and Paul Ryan as racists in 2012, Bidenlaunched the same attackagainst President Trump. He bungled it badly, and was widely ridiculedby fellow Democrats,alliesand some members of themedia. Biden's handlers had togo out and do cleanup.Unlike Biden's bad week, President Trump's was incredibly successful:President Trumpannounceda historic deal with Pfizer to secure100 million doses of a coronavirus vaccine for the American people at no cost.President Trump announced theexpansionof Operation Legendto save the lives of Americans trapped in Democrat-run cities plagued with violent crime.Under the President's leadership, Americasurpassed 51 millioncompleted coronavirus tests,continuing to lead the world by far.The Presidentraisedover $20 million from a historic, nationwide virtual fundraiser, demonstrating the incredible enthusiasm for the President's reelection campaign.