Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Ignoring Health Experts, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris Spread Anti-Vax Conspiracy Theories
Date: 2020-09-06
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-ignoring-health-experts-joe-biden-and-kamala-harris-spread
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Ignoring Health Experts, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris Spread Anti-Vax Conspiracy Theories Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345540

Without evidence to support their fear-mongering, it's clear Biden and Harris care more about politics than saving American lives.A coronavirus vaccine is a key part of returning America to normal and making our economy great again, and that's why President Trump is working hard to deliver a safe and effective coronavirus vaccine for the American people as soon as possible. Multiple public health experts, including Dr. Anthony Fauci, have been saying for months thatOperation Warp Speedis free from political interference and that they would take the vaccine as soon as it is ready.The same can't be said for Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, who are spreading fear, fueling anti-vax conspiracy theories, and actively trying to undermine the public's confidence in the vaccine."Who's going to take the shot? Are you going to be the first one to say sign me up, they now say it's OK?" Bidentold Americans this week. When CNN asked Harris if she would take the vaccine once it's approved, sherefused to answer. "Well, I think that's going to be an issue for all of us. I will say that I would not trust Donald Trump," she said.Biden and Harris are saying this for political reasons, knowing full well their irresponsible rhetoric could lead to more dead Americans. They don't seem to care that they are contradicting the scientists and top public health officials:Dr. Anthony Fauci: "I would not hesitate for a moment to take the vaccine myself and recommend it to my family."U.S. Suregon General Jerome Adams: "When there's a COVID vaccine available, I and my family will be in line to get it."NIH Director Dr. Francis Collins: "The safety and the effectiveness will be not compromised," the NIH's Dr. Collins said.FDA Commissioner Dr. Hahn: "We will do our job to assess the safety and the efficacy of a vaccine candidate."Dr. Deborah Birx: "When the American people...see that the vaccine is safe and effective...they will want to have that vaccine."Instead oflistening to the experts, Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are playing politics with people's lives. Instead of getting rid of the virus, they'd rather undermine American's confidence in a vaccine andshut down the economy againjust because they hate President Trump.Why would we ever let Biden kill countless American businesses, jobs and our economic future when President Trump's great American comeback is underway?