Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden's Record on Human Rights in China is Appalling
Date: 2020-08-26
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-joe-bidens-record-human-rights-china-appalling
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Joe Biden's Record on Human Rights in China is Appalling Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345615

"They're not bad folks," Biden claimed.The Democrat convention completely ignored the economic and national security threats posed by China.Tonight, Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng will address the Republican convention and tell his amazing story. He spoke out against the communist regime's human rights abuses, like it's barbaric one-child policy, and was punished for it.As Vice President,Joe Biden told a Chinese audience that he"understood"the country's barbaric one-child policyand made other comments about their human rights record that were so off base thatThe Washington Post editorial boardcalled Biden out for having "bought into" Chinese Communist propaganda: "In his prepared speech ... Biden briefly touched on human rights. His preamble to the topic unwisely bought into official Chinese views."Biden also once told Chinese President Xi Jinping that U.S. leaders only talk about the importance of human rightsfor the sake of political optics, according to a 2015 report in the New Yorker.As a senator, Bidenblocked any and all attemptsto protect human rights in the United States' trade relationship with China,voting against human rights standardsbefore permanently normalizing trade relations with China. Biden even claimed that normalizing trade relations with China would "enhance" U.S. national security.Of course, Biden's son Hunter personally profited from his father's friendly relationship with the Chinese,landing a lucrative deal with the Bank of Chinajust days after visiting the country with his father via Air Force Two.Hunter is still invested in a Chinese fund, Bohai Harvest RST, thatfunded technology used by the Chinese governmentto surveil Muslims.So much for the Bidens standing up for human rights.Biden is still shilling for the Chinese government to this day. Last year he told Americans"they're not bad folks, folks."Even after China unleashed the coronavirus on the world and waged a massive disinformation campaign to blame the U.S. military, Biden attackedPresident Trump's effort to counter China's offensive.Given all this, it's obvious whyChina hopes to see Biden beat President Trump in November.