Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Trump Campaign Fights Liberal New Jersey Governor's Attempts to Undermine Election Integrity
Date: 2020-08-18
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-trump-campaign-fights-liberal-new-jersey-governors-attempts
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Trump Campaign Fights Liberal New Jersey Governor's Attempts to Undermine Election Integrity Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345838

Donald J. Trump for President, Inc., along with the Republican National Committee and the New Jersey Republican Party,filedsuit Tuesday night to invalidate Governor Phil Murphy's Executive Order 177. This unconstitutional order violates New Jerseyans' 14th Amendment right to vote, as well as the Elections Clause and the Electors Clause of the U.S. Constitution. The unlawful power grab by New Jersey Democrats has demonstrably opened the state's election system up to fraud and will lead to the disenfranchisement of New Jersey voters. In defense of free and fair elections, the Trump Campaign cannot allow for Democrat party bosses to undermine the integrity of our democracy.The lawsuit states:"In a direct usurpation of the legislature's authority, Governor Murphy issued Executive Order 177 purporting to rewrite the election code for the November 2020 election. This brazen power grab was not authorized by state law and violates both the Elections Clause and Electors Clause of the U.S. Constitution and 3 U.S.C. §1."Matt Morgan, Trump 2020 General Counsel:"Across the country, the Democrat Party is launching an alarming assault on the safety and security of our elections. In the state of New Jersey, where their universal vote-by-mail system has already resulted in fraud and disenfranchisement, Governor Murphy continues to remove safeguards against abuse. With a stroke of his pen, the governor told his people their votes may not count – they may even be stolen – and that's fine by him. Despite constant attacks on our election system, President Trump and the Trump Campaign will continue to defend our democracy."Ronna McDaniel, Chairwoman of the Republican National Committee:"Governor Murphy's executive order is not only an abuse of power, but a recipe for disaster. In New Jersey's primary election, dead people voted, a mail truck carrying ballots actually caught fire, countless voters saw their ballots rejected, and the Democrat Attorney General is prosecuting multiple people for fraud, yet Democrats still want to implement a rushed transition to an all mail election. This decision will sow chaos and risk disenfranchising New Jersey voters."New Jersey's universal vote-by-mail system is unconstitutional:Executive Order 177 violates New Jerseyans' 14th Amendment right to vote, as well as the Elections Clause and the Electors Clause of the U.S. Constitution.The order treats in-person voting - the most secure voting method - as second class by deeming every in-person ballot cast as merely a provisional ballot.This is a clear admission that New Jersey's election infrastructure cannot handle universal vote-by-mail.New Jersey's universal vote-by-mail system is ripe for fraud:New Jersey Governor Phil Murphycalledthe state's transition to universal vote-by-mail "overwhelmingly a success," and quipped that New Jersey has "a higher probability of being hit by lightning than we do uncovering voter fraud."If he's right about the odds, citizens of New Jersey should take shelter—they're about to get struck by lightning.A 2016 investigationfound2,460 active voters on the state's voter rolls who had been dead for at least five years, including nearly sixty who had cast ballots after their death.Under the New Jersey governor's new order, all active registered voters - including the dead - would be sent ballots.Fraudsters in New Jersey have already been caughtbribingvoters with cash for their mail-in ballots.For New Jersey's May primary, Governor Murphy shut down every polling place and embraced universal vote-by-mail.10% of mail-in ballotswererejected, disenfranchising voters.In Paterson New Jersey, there wasevidenceof massive voter fraud:Nearly 900 completed ballots were mailed in bulk.Many people listed as having voted say they never received a ballot.Fraudsters conspired to steal ballots.To read our full complaint, clickhere.