Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - Serial Rapist, Murderer, Violent Criminals Get Out of Jail Thanks to Joe Biden's Campaign [See APP NOTE.]
Date: 2020-08-11
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-serial-rapist-murderer-violent-criminals-get-out-jail-thanks
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - Serial Rapist, Murderer, Violent Criminals Get Out of Jail Thanks to Joe Biden's Campaign [See APP NOTE.] Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345854

Will Biden condemn this move by the radical left?Here's more evidenceyour family won't be safein Joe Biden's America.Astunning new investigative reportreveals thatBiden campaign officials funded a radical left organizationin Minnesota that paid tens of thousands of dollars tobail violent criminals out of jail, including a serial rapist, a domestic abuser, a murderer, and a would-be cop killer.Will Joe Biden condemn this?So far, he's remaining silent.In May,at least 13 Biden campaign staffersdonated to the Minnesota Freedom Fund, which pays bail fees for people who commit crimes. Of the 184 people set free from jail by the fund in recent months, only about "a dozen" were involved in the protests or riots, according to the fund's director. The rest are regular criminals –some of them extremely dangerous:Christopher Boswell:A serial rapist, Boswell is currently charged with sexual assault, kidnapping, and assault in two separate cases. He's now out on the street thanks in part to the Biden campaign.Darnika Floyd:After allegedly stabbing a man to death in 2018, Floyd was charged with second degree murder. She's now out on the street thanks in part to the Biden campaign.Donovan Boone:After being freed from jail, Boone failed to show up in court and a warrant was issued for his arrest. He was in jail for breaking into his ex-girlfriend's house and attempting to strangle her. Now he's a violent fugitive thanks in part to the Biden campaign.Jaleel Stallings:During the "peaceful protests" in May, Stallings tried to kill police officers by shooting at them with "a modified pistol that looks like an AK-47." He's now out on the street thanks in part to the Biden campaign.In May, the Biden campaign touted their donations but "declined to answer questions on whether the donations were coordinated within the campaign." Now Biden officials arerefusing to comment entirely. What's so hard about saying they're sorry they put women and police in danger by freeing a serial rapist and a rioter who tried to kill police officers?"A lot of people are saying'F the police,'" said the fund's director, Greg Lewin. "I often don't even look at a charge when I bail someone out," he added, noting that "the last time we were down there, the clerk said, 'we hate it when youbail out these sex offenders.'" Any empathetic human being would – but not Joe Biden, apparently.Victims will pay the biggest price."As vice president, Joe Bidenoversaw cuts to police fundingand now as a candidate he says he wants toredirect funding away from police," Trump campaign communications director Tim Murtaugh said. "His staffmocked police as worse than 'pigs,'called fordefunding the police, and now we know his campaign helped bail outviolent criminals, rapists, and would-be cop killers. Biden is incapable of bringing our country together because he has been taken over by the radical left. He isactively putting Americans' lives at riskby making our streets more dangerous, cops' jobs more difficult, and families less safe."