Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - The Biden Pandemic 'Playbook': Empty Stockpiles, Botched Vaccines, No Testing
Date: 2020-07-17
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-the-biden-pandemic-playbook-empty-stockpiles-botched-vaccines
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - The Biden Pandemic 'Playbook': Empty Stockpiles, Botched Vaccines, No Testing Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345773

Biden's record is full of examples of what not to do.Joe Bidenlikes to claimhe left President Trump a "playbook" to deal with the coronavirus pandemic. Here are the facts.The Obama-Biden Administration left the Strategic National Stockpile indangerously short supplyof N-95 respirator masks after deploying nearly all of them to combat the 2009 swine flu pandemic. There's no evidence that any effort was made to replenish the stockpile despite experts calling on the Obama-Biden Administration to do so. This is a serious failure thatBiden has still refused to accept responsibility for or explain.The Obama-Biden Administrationhalted all swine flu testingin the middle of the 2009 H1N1 pandemic, overruling the CDC and ignoring public health officials who insisted tracking individual cases was still necessary. As CBSreported at the time:"The rationale given for the CDC guidance to forego testing and tracking individual cases was:why waste resources testing for H1N1 flu when the government has already confirmed there's an epidemic?Some public health officials privately disagreed with the decision to stop testing and counting, telling CBS News that continued tracking of this new and possibly changing virus was important[.]"The Obama-Biden Administration completely botched the deployment of the swine flu vaccine, making several mistakes thatdelayed productionand caused supply shortages.The Biden "playbook" was nothing short of a regulatory mess that,as Dr. Birx described, President Trump had to completely overhaul to combat the global coronavirus pandemic. Indeed, as Biden's former chief of staffadmitted in 2019, they did"every possible thing wrong"when combating the 2009 swine flu. "It is purely a fortuity," he admitted, "that this isn't one of the great mass casualty events in American history."Biden hasn't answered for any of this, nor has the media asked him about it.The coronavirus timeline simply doesn't supportBiden's fairy tales about how he was sounding the alarm before anyone else. And the record certainly doesn't support his claim that he left a winning "playbook," either.