Title: Trump Campaign Press Release - As Americans Flee New York, Democrats Hail Nursing Home Nightmare Governor Andrew Cuomo
Date: 2020-08-17
URL: https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/documents/trump-campaign-press-release-americans-flee-new-york-democrats-hail-nursing-home-nightmare
Citation: Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Trump Campaign Press Release - As Americans Flee New York, Democrats Hail Nursing Home Nightmare Governor Andrew Cuomo Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/345630

Joe Biden praised Cuomo's virus response as the "gold standard." Victims of his nursing home policy would probably disagree.Democrats are celebrating Governor Andrew Cuomo as a model of leadership,but he's no hero. Not only donearly 270 people fleeNew York Cityevery day, but histerrible response to the coronavirus wasthe worst in the country by far.More than 33,000 New Yorkers have died from the coronavirus, more than double the number of fatalities in New Jersey, the state ranked second in number of deaths.Cuomo refuses to take responsibilityforforcing nursing homes to accept coronavirus patients, a reckless policy thatmay have killed thousands more elderlythan Cuomo has officially acknowledged. He could have sent coronavirus patients to the Navy hospital ship or Javits Center temporary hospital that President Trump provided, but instead he sent them into nursing homes.When questioned about his failure,Cuomo blamed nursing home staff. His administration is alsocovering up the true impactof his nursing home policy and refusing to provide all the data to lawmakers. The Associated Press has also been denied access "despite filing a public records request with the state health department nearly three months ago."Cuomo's mismanagement in the early days of the pandemicmade New York's situation far worse.Moreover, in part because Cuomorefused to considerPresident Trump's advice,infections spreading from New York at one point accounted for up to65% of casesacross the country.Cuomo's fearmongering likely contributed to that as well. He claimed there would not beenough ventilators, spreading fear and causing rich New Yorkers to leave for other parts of the country.Despite all of this,Joe Biden praised Andrew Cuomo on April 1, calling his coronavirus response the "gold standard."He has "done one hell of a job," Biden said. It was yet another display of Biden's poor judgement andpenchant for false statementsabout the virus.