ID: CSPANDT99201912
Title: President Trump in Fayetteville, North Carolina
Date: 2019-09-09

Take your time please. Take your time. Thank you doctor. Take your time. People have been standing outside for two days to get inside. This happens. Thank you thank you doctor. Feeling better? Good. [cheers and applause] that's good. That's good. That's great. That is really great. Thank you sir. [applause] that's really great. Thank you very much. I guess dan's speech wasn't so good. [laughter] that's great. Thank you very much. [chanting] spent a great job. Thank you doctor and everybody and law enforcement. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] [inaudible conversations] [applause] thank you dan. What a great job. He means it. He is great. Vote tomorrow for dan bishop or go please. We have had support over the last six months in particular from a man who happens to be a Senator right now and we need him to keep going because he has been fantastic and I believe he is here tonight for quite just came in the weather wasn't so great to keep them - - to travel they said maybe we could skip it and I said no thank you. Can you imagine? By the way I have to say we have a big crowd you have to see outside. Thousands and thousands of people who could not get in. When people wait to in three days to get in especially the first rows we want to tell you that we really thank you. Incredible. That tom has been working recently introduced a bill to give America victims to sue sanctuary cities and hold them accountable after their lives have been shattered. That we need more republicans another crucial special election and me have a fantastic guy running it looks like he's in good shape. But you have to get out. None introduce tom tillis and greg murphy and thank you both. [applause] thank you tom and greg. So to cut taxes and defend the second amendment and really support the military and the veterans murphy - - greg murphy come up just for a second and then we will go back to business. He is been a great champion. Good luck tomorrow. Get out and vote for those two guys. They are terrific many more republican leaders tonight and a man who has really been stepping up to the front by defending justice cavanagh when he was mistreated so badly I had never seen anything like it. [booing] everybody respects him and likes him but we used to fight like hell. But we don't fight anymore we like each other a lot he is a special man and has become a special friend. Senator lindsey graham. [cheers and applause] and another man who is a fighter we will fight them more than anybody else but a man who has done a incredible job in washington and has become the real leader republican leader kevin mccarthy. Working so hard for so many different people and wants to see dan and craig work so - - when so badly representative rosen thank you. You have done a fantastic job and our lieutenant governor who I think will be a competitive candidate for a very important race. [cheers and applause] thank you. [cheers and applause] thank you very much dan. North carolina republican party chair Michael watley. And we have a man from north carolina he doesn't know what it's like not to fight you know what i'm talking about? They got it they are all screaming Mark meadows. And by the way devon nunez. [applause] and was out there and was a stone cold buyer and a leaker but Mark meadows has been incredible and they love him in your state. They love Mark meadows. Thank you Mark. Also a friend of mine who has been with us not a politician but might as well be he loves us and the party one of the most successful people lewis, thank you and your wife is doing a great job. And a very special thank you to my son don and kimberly. Great job. Did don junior give a good speech? [cheers and applause] I heard that. They said he was on fire. He loves this country my son loves this country. And two people in your state the first lady before she was first lady said there are two people that are unbelievable. I said i'm not interested i'm too busy she said no watch they are so great they love their country they love you. Diamond and silk. [cheers and applause] incredible. Incredible people. Thank you very much. And they are doing very well. I have to tell you that. Our shared republican agenda is pro- jobs and profamily and pro- growth and 100 percent pro- American. [applause] usa. Usa. [chanting] so is doug collins and John ratcliff, thank you fellows. To incredible fighters for decades people put special interest ahead of you and you know that better than anybody they traded away your factories and sold your futures squandered your tax dollars to sacrifice into one foreign debacle after another. But all of that is changed and we are respected again and they all say we don't know because they have taken advantage of us for years and sadly in many cases it is our allies that took the greatest advantage of this country. But now you finally have a President who understands I am not supposed to be the President of the world i'm supposed to be the President of the United States. [cheers and applause] to bring back our jobs from other countries we pass the largest tax cuts and reforms in American history. We have cut a record number of job killing regulations, no President no longer loan - - no matter how long they serve just gotten close to what we have done with regulations and that's one of the reasons our economy is so good we have tremendous potential upward and China wants to talk. China has lost 3 million jobs people are leaving China the supply chain is dropping because they can't pay the tariffs. And our country has taken over as an example hundreds of billions of dollars have been and are coming into our country in the form of tariffs and China the fake news doesn't want to tell you and out of the tens of millions of dollars we have taken in because of the fact our great American patriot farmers have been targeted by china, they have been targeted because they know the farmers they target them and I said to sonny perdue, the secretary of agriculture, how much was it last year and the year before? $12,000,000,000. 16 billions and out of the tariffs we have taken in we gave to our farmers for distribution , hopefully very good and even distribution we have given $28 billion so that they are whole. Nobody would ever do that. I can tell you that right now. Our farmers know we have to fight. I see it all the time there is a group of farmers and in some cases they are a bunch of women to say we like him a lot we are with them all the way but turn off the cameras and they go crazy ever see that quick those ten women what you think of President trump? We love him. [cheers and applause] I would like to put you on television. [laughter] they can't turn the cameras fast enough if you voted for President and everyone said he did things who would think of getting 12 billion or $28 billion because they have been targeted? What is the amount they took from our farmers? 16,000,000,012,000,000,000 we will make it up. Who would do that? Nobody would do that. First of all nobody ever has tens of billions of dollars flowing in from China because it used to be the other way around. China has taken advantage of our country for decades. Decades. And I guarantee you one thing. None of these Democrats whether pocahontas or sleepy joe, none of them would be able to do a thing about it. Nobody would ever think of helping the farmers who have been targeted by China. China made $500 billion on a yearly basis they steal intellectual property and now it is working the other they are a beautiful thing when you know how to use them I want China to do well but now they've had the worst year in 57 years. I wonder why. And hopefully it will all work out we will be talking next week coming to the United States in two or three weeks and we will see what happens but to make a good deal for our country, we cannot go back to a situation where we have hundreds of billions of dollars and many other countries but we will worry about them a little bit later. Plenty of others say take advantage of our country they take our jobs they make our products sell into a country with no tax or know nothing so we end up with close factories and no jobs and no taxes or know nothing. And the other countries even the President from mexico the Democrats will not do anything about those horrible open-end loopholes which would be so good in mexico is now patrolling 27000 troops they never had two troops on our border. If you saw the numbers today approximately 57 percent down. That our country could fix it would - - so easy they would stick with me for 15 minutes but they don't want to do that because they want to have open borders. And to have drugs pouring into our country you have to have a wall to stop it and if you look at what is happening with human trafficking and mostly women, they trafficking in women while every inch of wall that we put up is vital and we put up miles and miles. Next year at the end of the year to have 40500 miles of wall built. This mysterious wall. Know it is the real deal. Build the wall. Build the wall. [booing] [chanting] build the wall. Thank you to the secretary of defense for the job he has done using it as a national security threat. What can be much more threatening than people who want to pour across the borders? The weakest laws in the history of any country. We cannot do anything to stop them. Catch and release. You catch them and then you have to release them and they are supposed to come back to court and then nobody shows up. And Democrats and now we are stopping them so we don't even have to worry about court. The last administration for American energy United States is number one producer of natural gas anywhere. [cheers and applause] and for all of these crazy people that talk about Russia. Russia is not too happy the primary source of income and now we are bigger than Russia and saudi arabia and we're doing great. Not exactly happy the russian hoax yet every leading Democrat and the energy that drives the economy if you look at what is going on with your way of life. I have a huge audience I wish we could've gotten a larger arena. We tried I was willing to stand out in the rain and get my hair soaking wet. [laughter] but they said it was a little bit out of your district. I said I don't know if it looks to be good out of your district but I was willing to do it I would show it was my real hair at least. [laughter] it may not be great but it's my hair but it's better than most of my friends were the same age. [laughter] [applause] it's a lot better a lot. [applause] but we had a different location and we said let's do this one instead and we put screens outside for all the people and loudspeakers it is amazing what is going on out there. Now we are finally building up our country. That's the bottom line the last administration they tried to ram through one of the worst trade deals ever negotiated the tpp many of your industries kiss him goodbye would have dated the American auto industry even worse than nafta and we know how bad look at all those empty plants even nancy Pelosi put it up for a vote the tremendous Democrat support the manufacturers wanted and by the way 600,000 jobs in this country you would need a magic wand we have to get usmca put up by the Democrat so my first week in office I proudly withdrew from that job destroying tpp catastrophe. And we are replacing one of the worst trade deals ever made by any country you can go back as far as you want with nafta. Far as you want with nafta. . we are also aggressively combating a problem that you have in north carolina, a problem in almost all states, the opioid epidemic. Last year we saw the first nationwide decline in drug overdose deaths and nearly 31 years. [cheering and applause] at the center of the American drug crisis is the order crisis. Criminal cartels smuggle bass quantities of illegal narcotics including heroin, meth, cocaine and fentanyl, 100,000 people a year die of what comes across our southern border and we can't get the Democrats to help us in stealing it even tighter. We got to get them. [crowd boos] we've got to get them. If you want to stop the drug smugglers, human traffickers and the vicious ms 13 gang members and by the way, thank you to Ice. These people go into -- [cheering and applause] they go into those nests. We call them nests. These are vicious, vicious people. We go into the nests with our Ice people and for them it's another day at the office. There aren't too many people in this room they want to do it for a living, let me see. That guy could. [laughter] maybe him. Maybe her. Maybe her. But it's a rough job and they get so little praise for the job they do. So dangerous. These are many killers in those games. Were taking them out of our country by the thousands. Ms 13. [cheering and applause] as you know Democrats even want to give free healthcare to illegal immigrants. [crowd boos] as long as I am your President I will never ever let Democrats take away your healthcare and give it away free to people that have entered our country illegally. We can't do that. [cheering and applause] is a tremendous incentive to come in. Democrats also want to bring in unlimited numbers of foreign refugees from overseas all at the expense of supporting their own communities. Republicans no matter what you do, where you are we want people to obey our laws. We want people that are going to help our country. [cheering and applause] the Democrat party has never been farther outside of the mainstream and every major Democrat running for President supports a massive government takeover of healthcare that would raid medicare force private doctors out of medicine and lead to the rationing of life-saving treatment. They will take away the private healthcare and private insurance, 180 million people will lose with what they want to do it's a disaster. You know, it's like did you ever feel where you don't even have to treat people nicely you back you don't have a choice. You have to vote for me. I could leave right now and say north carolina, i've had it with you and i'm leaving right now and you know what, you got to go out and vote and put one of these crazy people running our country again mac but never been so far left. I told the story the other day about a businessman I saw, one of the biggest in the country and you probably know his name, one of the biggest he has hated me for 20 years and I hated him also. Okay. They will go out tomorrow breaking news, Donald Trump hates people. While your sort of right about that. I never liked this guy. I see him in the white house and I say what are you doing here and he says mr. President and now he called meet mr. President. He used to call me something else. [laughter] mr. President I am fighting for your victory spinner I said you got to be kidding me. He said honestly, you're doing a great job but also if this radical left gets it they will take away everything and destroy our country. For the first time I liked this guy. [laughter] my administration is defending your right to choose the plan and doctrine do you remember President obama 28 times -- remember 28 times they counted and is much more than that I would imagine and you can choose your plan in your doctor but it did not work out that way, did it in obamacare. Were keeping obamacare alive and we got rid of the individual mandate, worst part of obamacare. [cheering and applause] and we are keeping it and running it as well as we can but the premiums are too high and that deductibles are through the roof it's ridiculous and we are coming up with lindsey graham and all of the folks coming up with a great health care plan that if we take back the house that is why dan and greg if we take back the house and if we keep the senate maybe even increase it and it would not be bad and on the assumption we keep the presidency we will have great health care. [cheering and applause] thank you. We almost had it. With a man campaigning for eight years to knock out obamacare and when he voted it did not work out that way, did it connect we would've had it but will end up with a better plan and sometimes through adversity things work out better. Will end up with a better plan. You watch. You always protect patients with pre-existing conditions also, always. You have my word. Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices and more than 51 years. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late-term abortion. [crowd boos] ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up to the moment of birth. [crowd boos] and if you look at virginia the governor of virginia he was even talking about essentially you would say an execution that he was talking after the baby is born the doctor will talk to the mother and they will make a decision as to whether or not that baby lives. This is a radical democratic idea. [crowd boos] that is why i've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion because republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. [cheering and applause] Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortions and socialism. They are socialists. The republican party is the party of the American worker and the American family and the American dream. [cheering and applause] every day we are making good on the model, promises made, promises kept. In fact, we are keeping even more promises by far then we made more than we promised. So many more. So many more. So many more. You know will be did with respect to people that are very sick or terminally ill, right? Right to try. We have some of the greatest doctors in the world labs in the world, hospitals in the world and we had incredible medicine that is prohibited from being used until it gets approval and sometimes that approval can take many years and I say if a person is sick and they've been trying to get this for 45 years but if a person is sick and maybe terminally ill wife be letting them try this new technology? So many things are happening. We did write to try it wasn't easy but I was helped by lindsay and a lot of great people. [cheering and applause] all of the helped. Mark helped so much and all of them helped. Greg. We've had tremendous success with so many people wanting to help but it was collocated, believe it or not. The country did not want the liability and I said you draw up an agreement taking away liability because that's a good idea and the insurance companies and the drug companies were very unsure and this has been going on for many years. I got it done and the results have been unbelievable. Right to try. Things we never even talked about we are getting done. One of the biggest things is within about one month we will have close to 180 federal judges including appellate division judges. [cheering and applause] including two great new support justices. [cheering and applause] justice neil gorsuch an justice brett kavanaugh, who they put through hell. We passed something that they have wanted to do for half a century and we passed be a choice so when you're great and honored veterans are waiting in line for three weeks or five weeks or five days, ten days, two months they get around the private doctor and we pay for the bill and they get themselves taking care of instead of dying which was happening. We also passed be a accountability on behalf of our great veterans and that means when they treat our veterans badly they would not have done it in prime time, I can tell you. When they treat our second troubled veterans badly we can say you are fired. Get the hell out. [cheering and applause] that's another one they been driving and in all fairness the unions made it very tough and civil service made it like almost impossible and everyone said you never get it done and I want to thank the republican senate and want to thank some incredible people in the house of representatives and kevin, I want to thank you because that was a great job you did on that one. [cheering and applause] we have achieved record funding for the u. s. Military $700 billion last year and 716 billion this year, $738 billion and you know i'm a big believer in budgets but we have no choice. We had to rebuild our military with all that's going on today with China and Russia and with radical islam and with everything that is happening we had to do something and I love budgets and we will get to that, don't worry about it but we had to rebuild our military which was totally depleted. It was totally depleted. We have beautiful new and 35's, f-18's new ships, new missiles, new rockets -- [cheering and applause] we have new everything. And came back with the United States coast guard and some of the other folks and they were saying that with the new coast guard cutters and what a good job they done during these hurricanes. [cheering and applause] the admiral said there are the finest in the world and they had old broken equipment that they had to go on a shoestring and now have brand-new coast guard cutters. We had to do it. There's always time for the other but we rebuild our military is taking care of the great people working on the military and give them a raise, a beautiful race they were so entitled. I also got other Nato members to pay an additional $100 billion over the last year and a half that they were not paying and they were delinquent. We were supposed to protect them they don't pay and I say you can't do that. You got to pay. Nato, now we are finally making immensely wealthy countries pay the cost of their defense we are negotiating with a lot of them. Think of it. We had these immensely wealthy countries and they are paying for a fraction of the cost to defend them. How did that happen? Do you know what the biggest excuses? King. You have to pay. Mr. Prime minister, you got to pay for it or mr. President, you've got to pay it is costing us billions of dollars to protect but do you know the biggest thing? I can't understand how we did this for so many years, decades but you have been defending all -- I won't mention names because I don't want to embarrass anybody -- forget it. Some of the wealthiest countries in the world and they say king, prime minister clean, no matter what I say do you know what they say? What no one has ever asked us to do that before but that the only excuse because I say why would we do this and why would we defend you and you compete with us on trade and are immensely wealthy and have lousy trade deals that we are renegotiating and ultimately where renegotiating all of them but why are we protecting you? Well, I don't know. But you know what their answers is? Because you've always done it. That's not a great answer. So we are taking in billions and billions but i've got $100 billion and the secretary of Nato is my biggest fan and until President trump you have to see the data cost of spending was going like this and an arson was going like this and we were defending many countries that treat us very badly on trade and we would defending them and now it's changing around with $100 billion and they are not happy. Then I read where obama is more popular in Germany than trump. He's got to be. I making people pay their bills. He's got to be. The day I more popular than him I am not doing my job. [cheering and applause] they like him or in Europe than they like trump. I think they should. $100 billion more they are paying to protect america's security I withdrew the United States from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal. [cheering and applause] we pay them $150 billion for that piece to work and I withdrew it and we put sections all over the place and much different country so let's see what happens but I can tell you they like to get back to business because they're not doing very well and when I came into office Iran was a real terror, 18 sites of confliction they were behind every one of them in the Middle East. Who knows could've been elsewhere. I said we will not do it, $150 billion, President obama paid and 1. 8 billion in cash. Whoever sought $1 million piled up as a promotion? In hundred dollar bills, it's a lot. It's a take $1 million and make it $1. 8 billion in cash. I'm more impressed with that number then $150 billion if you want to know the truth? $1. 8 billion in cash we got taken to the cleaners I terminated the deal. [cheering and applause] I recognized israel's true capital and open the American embassy in Jerusalem which every President said they would do. [cheering and applause] I also approved for israel the golan heights and if you really think about it I said to people what's more important, golan heights or the capital of Jerusalem by moving our embassy there and he said neither, sir. What you've done in Iran is more important in both and I said I guess you're right when you think about it. We've done a good job all of us together and as a movement we done a great job for israel. For years you wanted your politicians to apologize for America but now you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of north carolina. [cheering and applause] you must never forget that the 2020 election is about one thing, you. Truly. It's not about me. It's about you. It's about your family, your future and the fate of your country. That is what we did in 2016 and they came from the hills and valleys and from the cities and from all over the place and people were saying these figures are saying what the hell is happening back but I knew it would happen. We go out and we see these rallies, the likes of which no one has ever seen before ever, ever in politics, ever in politics and vote for any Democrat in 2020 and a vote for any Democrat tomorrow in north carolina is a vote for the rise of radical socialism and a destruction of the American dream. [crowd boos] we are entering this campaign with the best record, the best result, best agenda and the only positive vision for the people of north carolina and I ascended and said loudly and proudly I don't believe there's been any President or any administration that has done more in 2. 5 years then we have as a group. [cheering and applause] when you add it all up no one has done what we have. Our first task is a giant victory. Tomorrow, right here in the great state of north carolina, with your support tomorrow we take the first step to firing speaker Pelosi and whitney back the house in 2020. [cheering and applause] we need everybody to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors to get out and vote for dan bishop and get out and vote for greg murphy. It out tomorrow and vote. [cheering and applause] together we will lift millions more from our horrible, horrible situations that have developed over the years and look at what is happening Democrat run cities every single one of them. We go with to lift millions of our citizens from welfare to independence and from poverty to prosperity. With your help we will elect for the publicans to Congress that great a safe and modern fair and lawful system of immigration. We will enact great deals the result in more products probably stamped with the four beautiful words made in the usa. [cheering and applause] made in the usa. If you want made in america, I don't care what do you like better? Made in America or made in the usa? Will go made in America then made in the usa but what do you like better, made in America? [cheering and applause] made in the usa? [cheering and applause] okay. I think we know that answer. In 2016 we had in my opinion the greatest phrase in the history of politics, make America great again. Now we are within moments hopefully of having despite what you heard a few weeks ago where we were heading there like please, let there be a recession. They're willing to give up their results because they think it will help them win the election. They will not win the election. Don't forget we are doing this and still fighting the unfairness of China and other countries on trade. What happens when that gets fixed and other things get fixed? We are setting new records and we are providing trade deals and fighting military deals that are unfair to our country. Think what happens when it all gets fixed? We have ourselves a country that is so strong. [cheering and applause] we had a phrase, make America great again. The best. I think it was maybe the greatest but we've done a lot and now they're very close to setting a new -- I think it's the 118 time that we will have set a new record with the stock market. Right? Many, many times. I can't be sure but it's a lot. I always have to preface it. They will do a headline that trump did not tell the truth. They always -- i've got to be extremely cautious. We had the greatest phrase of all time and even the fake news media would agree that make America great again, maga country, now we've largely still have a year and a half little bit less and can you believe it? Can you believe it? I stood in the white house with the first lady that first night and I said well, look at this. That's the bedroom of abraham lincoln. It's so perfectly done and so the way it was that the bedroom of the great abe lincoln. Honey, can you believe this? That was the first night and now in less than one year and half the first time will be over. Think of that. I announced today that we got the soccer world cup, that's the big thing, who else will do it? That we've got a problem. It's an 2026, we announce it in front of the press and in 2026 I said wait a minute, under the normal rules I will be out in 2024 so we may have to go for an extra term. [cheering and applause] oh, they are going crazy. Tomorrow you will see headlines trump wants an extra term. I told you. I told you. Two he wants an extra term, ladies and gentlemen. We told you. We told you he's a dictator. We told you. No, no, i'm only kidding. I'm only kidding. But we actually have the world cup biggest sporting event in the world and we got it and we're working it all with mexico and canada and giving them some of the games and have a great relationship with the world cup, it's a big deal. Bob kraft helped me with the new england patriots people and tom brady had a pretty good game the other night, right? [cheering and applause] how good a coach, whether you like it or not and I know you, north carolina, but how good a coach -- in all fairness, how good is coach belichick? How good is he? I know you want to be cool but he's pretty good. We have to appreciate genius. We all like a genius. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science, medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending with in ten years the aids epidemic in America. That's shocking to hear that but we will do that. Definitely. It's incredible the strides that we have made. We will defeat the Democrats to drive up the cost of houses, cars, healthcare and education by liberating americans from their analyst push for job killing soul crushing washington regulations. As an example we're trying to get the car companies and give them a little extra energy and they will be able to build a car that consumers can buy which will be better than the car they make today and you will say 3000 $500 in think of that. It will be safer and better and you will save $3500 and it will be less costly. We will try to get that done and then they were forcing you to buy light bulbs that cost a fortune. So I signed something a couple days ago that gives you the right to continue to use the incandescent light bulbs. I don't know about you but much less expensive. I don't know about you but I don't know, i'm not a vain person I know I have no pain people especially these incredibly ladies but I look better under an incandescent light in these lights beaming down on us. But someone told me that as you know the much more expensive bulbs and for what you say what they said was if the ball breaks is considered like a site. It's very big the new bulbs. Very dangerous with the gases and I said what's the point and you're saying if we continue that production they can buy whatever they want to buy but can save a tremendous amount of money and have a light that is better and there is a big danger that they have labels, don't break the small but what will you do? Throw it away? You will hopefully by the new one but the old ones too and you can even look better. We both defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheering and applause] above all you will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one America. You will be one united nation. We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. [cheering and applause] we stand with the incredible heroes of the law in force -- thank you, law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work in the sanctity of life. [cheering and applause] we believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way like you and we believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history and to always respect our great American flag. He will live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust. They will stay there two we stand on the shoulders of American patriots who crossed the ocean, settled the continent, paid the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, 12 world wars, defeated fascism and communism, put a man on the moon and built the most exceptional country in the history of the world. [cheering and applause] we are great americans and the future belongs to us. [cheering and applause] the future belongs to you. With your help, your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working and we are going to keep on fighting and i'd like to fight a little less with these people but they don't stop. They just keep coming at you in waves. They are unfortunately not the best people. We will keep on winning, winning. [cheering and applause] we are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God two America is driving like never before and we may have right now the greatest economy in the history of our nation and ladies and gentlemen of north carolina the best is yet to come. [cheering and applause] together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We are doing it. We will make America safe again. [cheering and applause] and we will make America great again.