ID: CSPANDT611201922
Title: President Trump Rally in Monroe, Louisiana
Date: 2019-11-06

You have spirit. Hello, louisiana. What a crowd. And you have got thousands of people outside right now, so if anybody wants to give up their seats, thank you very much. [applause and cheers] so i'm really thrilled to be back. It has been an incredible state for trump and it is really incredible. You remember what happened? That was not even a close election? That was not too close. But it is great to be with thousands of hard-working, freedom loving patriots, that is what you are. [applause and cheers] and soon the people of louisiana will go to the polls. You know I am really here for one reason, early voting. That is how much I like eddie. I am here for early voting. You can go out and vote. Not a lot of people do that. They say in louisiana 40% of the vote is early vote. I said I think I will come. I will come. But you are going out to replace a radical liberal Democrat as your governor. John , John bel edwards has not done the job. You are going to have a great, new, republican, tremendously successful man. Eddie, so early voting is already underway. And I think I am coming back here on thursday? I am doing a double. One of your really good anchors just introduced me. Those locals treat me going. The fake news does not but the locals, the locals do. He said you have been to louisiana like four times. I said that is good because I happen to like it. If I can't like it, I can't do it. [applause and cheers] but early voting ends on saturday, then you go out next saturday and you vote and I want you to do it early so you can do what , by the way, by the way, this saturday, this saturday I am going to be at a certain game. [applause and cheers] this saturday I will be at a certain game, lsu versus a pretty good team from alabama. I am a football fan, I hear you have a great quarterback. [applause and cheers] I am actually going to the game. That is the game I want to go to. That will be tremendous. Two great games. I look forward , I came to get you for early voting. [applause and cheers] going to be a great governor. Under republican leadership the economy is booming, wages are rising, confidence is soaring and America is stronger than ever before, and you know it. [applause and cheers] we are setting new records every day and with the help of louisiana, energy workers, united states, some of the greatest energy workers anywhere in the world. Anywhere in the world. The United States is the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on planet earth. And we are supporting law enforcement and we are supporting our police. [applause and cheers] we are rebuilding our military, and you know what this beautiful new equipment, the rockets, jet's, ships, everything made in America. Don't we love that? [applause and cheers] and we are defeating radical islamic terrorists. And you saw last week the monstrous animal known as al-baghdadi is dead. [applause and cheers] if somebody else did that, they would be talking about it for months. Me, I got about a day, but that is ok. That is ok. Look at how many there are. They have a lot of people. They have a lot of people. It is true. I will tell you the greatest hero, forget about trump. We did a lot of good work together. The dog was the great hero. Conan. Conan is coming to the white house very soon. I set bring him now. They said he is on a mission. I said you got to be getting your give him a couple of days' rest. He is coming to the oval office shortly. [applause and cheers] our message to these bloodthirsty savages is clear. You don't stand a chance against the righteous bite of the American state , United States military. [applause and cheers] because America is winning again and America is respected again. [applause and cheers] but while we are delivering safety and prosperity for americans, the radical left Democrats are trying to rip our nation apart. They want to eradicate the rule of law, punish religious believers, silence you online, indoctrinate your children, and you after your second amendment, don't ever forget it. They are after your second amendment. With the republicans I can tell you one thing, nobody is going to hurt your second amendment, nobody. If their campaign could transform america, Democrats are becoming increasingly totalitarian, suppressing dissent, defaming the innocent, eliminating due process, staging show trials and trying to overthrow American democracy to oppose their socialist agenda. Make no mistake if the Democrats get back in, you will have a depression the likes of which you have never seen before. You are doing well. How are your 401(k)s doing? [applause and cheers] you would not feel at all angry if they went down in half and then another year half of that? That is what is going to happen. First it was the Russia hoax, then it wasn't robert dold , then it was robert mueller. The biggest lie ever on the American people, but everybody stuck with us. We became more popular. Became more popular. Last week hillary clinton, crooked hillary as we call her , so is there any place you would rather be than at a trump rally, wonderful evening in louisiana? [applause and cheers] I don't even know, would you rather be at lsu versus alabama or a trump rally? Let's take a trump rally. [applause and cheers] the Democrats must be accountable for their hoaxes and their crimes. Corrupt politicians, nancy Pelosi and shifty adam schiff. And the crooked media have launched the deranged, dissolution all , delusional impeachment witchhunt. Now we go again. Step , a lot of things have happened. I don't know if you saw, I just got off of the plane and look at this character. They handed me this story area and whistleblower attorney said in 2017 , that was a long time ago. It is all a hoax. They say january 2017, a coup has started, and the impeachment will follow ultimately. It is all a hoax. It is a scam. What helps them, these people, the media. And then it said the light is going to go off, cnn light is going to go off, it said from the lawyer, a sleaze ball, it said I predict that cnn will play a correct , a role with Donald Trump not finishing out his first term. This is a hoax and it was done a long time ago. Then he goes as one falls, two more will take their place, referring to outgoing trump administration employers who by the way have been put through hell by the sleaze back there and buy program all editions. , politicians. , back there and by crooked politicians. And then when they heard my real phone call, the whistleblower disappeared. Shifty shift, he is a corrupt politician, shift , adam schiff didn't want to have the whistleblower anymore. As soon as I released the phone calls, and you don't like doing that with a foreign leader because you got to do with foreign leaders, you don't want them to think , today I spoke to , is he worried we will release them all over the world because somebody said something that could have been a little bit wrong? You can't do that. In this case I had a perfect phone call. Totally perfect phone call. Anybody that can read, you show that on fox , look at this. But the whistleblower before they knew I was going to release , he came out with a whistleblower like he is some wonderful person. Look at the whistleblower. The whistleblower came out with this horrible statement about this call. I had no choice. Talk about transparency. I said release it. Release it immediately. The whistleblower saw it. Adam schiff saw it, pelosi, and they said we got to , we don't want anything to do with the whistleblower and they disappeared. You know who else? The second whistleblower. And the informer to the whistleblower if there was such a person which I doubt, which I doubt. [applause and cheers] just came out. Just came out. It is so bad these people are bad people, and it is so bad what they do to our country, they ripped the guts out and it is a shame. People should stop. Maybe go to the supreme court. They got to stop it. We got a country to run and these people in order to do things do illegal acts, illegal act as far as I am concerned. Last week the Democrats voted to nullify the balance of tens of millions of americans, disgracing themselves and dishonoring their oats. , oaths. Republicans were unanimous. Because you know the Democrats are lousy politicians. They have open borders. How do you like having "as with mexico? The Democrats want open borders and sanctuary cities. With the John bel edwards, you will soon have a sanctuary city. But the democrats, think of it, they want open borders which means crime. Look at what is going on in mexico and I have to thank the mexican government. The cartels are a tremendous problem. We are building a wall and it is going up fast. Our military is now building the wall and it is going up fast. It is doing great. It should have been built years ago. They never could figure it out. I had 100% of the authority fighting me. We had a majority of people, very little. We needed them across most. I should have said I don't want the wall and the Democrats would insist that I build it. Five or six years ago, they wanted the wall. It was only when I came along that they did not want it. We have got to build it. They said we don't want the wall anymore. They said we can have the drone technology. That is great. We should have said we would never want to build a wall in they would insist they would insist it would get built immediately. I call them the do nothing Democrats. We have loopholes that they could solve in minutes. That is when everyone you ever met comes in. Your mother, grandfather, you're on , and , aunt. Any person that ever met you. We had this beautiful park in new york city and he killed eight people. They never talk about the people that lost their legs, that are permanently this figure. They said eight people were killed. These are people that want to keep themselves in shape and their running all over and then this maniac goes at an unbelievable speed and kills people and we can't let this happen. These ons hinged , these unhinged extremists have been plotting to overturn the election. They came from all over the place. They came from all over. We are so far up, you could stay focus on the closer ones, but we are going to come here anyway. Think of it as 19 minutes after I took the oath of office, the horrible and discussing washington post, it declared the campaign. The campaign to impeach President trump has begun. That is nice. And then during the term, sleepy joe biden said you fired the guy you get $1 million, you don't fire the guy, you get nothing. You talk quid pro quo. You don't fire, you get nothing. Think of it that way, that is called quid pro quo. That was by joe biden to get rid of the prosecutor of ukraine who was looking at his son who just got thrown out of the navy who was paid millions and millions of dollars even though he had absolutely no energy experience. In louisiana, you would not have hired him and your energy companies would have paid to keep him out. He had no experience. How old is your son? How old is that young man? 8. He knows energy better than joe biden son. Then biden flies to China. He obviously met with different people than I did because we are doing well with China. He flies with his father and in 10 minutes, he picks up $1. 5 billion. These are different chinese people that I have been working with. I called up one of the top guys on wall street and said can you do that? He said no. He is like one of the smartest guys on wall street. None they are trying to steal your vote and silencer voice. I don't even know because I am looking at pocahontas. Pocahontas is starting to emerge from the ashes. I give her credit, she is emerging from the ashes, not a nice person. I have more than she does and I have none. I would love to have some, I just happened to have none. , happened to have none , happen to have none. [no audio] we will not let the Democrats take that incredible privilege away. The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, slanders and scams. The Democrats shameful conduct has created an angry majority. That is what we are, we are majority and we are angry. We must vote Democrats out of office in 2020. We are going to focus on the 36 Democrats in areas that I won by a lot. People forget, we picked up two seats in the senate. They never talk about it. I tried to get them to talk about it and because of that what we have done with judges and others, but with your help we are going to drain the swamp and that is what we are doing. Right now, louisiana has sent the radical left a message that they can never ignore and don't forget in 2016, people came from the mountains and the valleys in the rivers in the oceans. The Democrats said what is happening? Where are these people coming from? These were people that work hard, made a lot of money. They call them the elite. We are the elite. I know this, speaking for myself. I went to better schools mandated, I have nicer houses and nicer apartments. I have nicer everything. You people work your asses off. You are smarter than they are. Antifa, they start hitting a single conservative reporter, start battering them, but when the tough guys show up, antifa says I think we will take a pass, let's get out of here. You are smarter, tougher, richer , but a lot of people came out did not like what they were seeing. They do not want to vote for obama, but when I ran, something happened. The lines were in some cases miles long and they saw something, what is going on? Probably the greatest selection in the history of our country , greatest selection , greatest selection , greatest election in the history of our country. None these people through corrupt people like adam schiff that makes up what I said. He gets up in front of Congress and the American people and he reads my statement, but I did not say it. He made it up and then I called him on it because he never thought I was going to release the conversation. Ukraine was calling up, do you mind if we release the conversation and we released it. We caught them in a middle of a lie. It was a scam, they are scammers. So you will [indiscernible] this is louisiana? How did you get a liberal Democrat to be her governor? Actually, it was a convergence of a lot of different things and congratulations, your car insurance is the highest in the world. You are rated number 15 in economic development. Can you believe you are rated 50 out of 50? We want to , I have known this man a long time. He does not need the money. He's a wonderful person. He has the backing of ralph and ralph is a winner. He has the backing of ralph. I just spent a lot of time with ralph abraham. He is an incredible man. He respects eddie and eddie respects him a lot. They had a heart. Deal. That is rather because I will tell you what. If i'm going against someone , I don't know. Ralph is a better man thanralph is a better man than me, a better man. And they are going to put that all of her television tonight because they are going to say ralph should run for President. He is a great man, so he is not a career politician, he is a business leader, highly respected, a man of faith and a lifelong louisiana patriot. He will cut your taxes and your car insurance in half and we have the highest car insurance in the entire nation by far. You have the highest in the country, he is going to cut it in half or more in turn this state into a giant magnet for great paying jobs. That is what he wants to do will stop at a used tough on crime, strong on borders and he will work with Ice and border patrol to get violent criminals off the streets. We are bringing them back or putting them in jail where they belong. He is pro-energy, profamily and pro-second amendment. He will defend your values from assault by the extreme left. I called them aoc plus three. You only have 11 years to live because climate change is coming so fast. Today I heard one of these crazies say , they arrested jane fonda. She always has the handcuffs on and is waiting everybody. I can't believe it. Remember that? She went to vietnam to find out how nice they were. Jane fonda, nothing changes. Every 25 years they arrest her. The opponent is a radical liberal and you did not know that. You know why he says the things about me? I said he must be republican. Here's the problem. He will never vote for us. He will never support our second amendment to where we need the support. He will never reduce your car insurance, never going to cut your taxes. I got you a biggs tax cut , a big tax cut, the biggest ever. Democrats, they have this crazy theory, I don't know how it works. We are going to raise your taxes. How does that work? They are saying I have only been doing this for three years. They say we are going to raise your taxes and I say, it , does that work? No, I will cut your taxes even further. You have a radical liberal name John bel edwards. He was a supporter of hillary clinton. He broke his promise to the people of louisiana when he rammed through the largest tax hike in louisiana history. Does everyone remember that? He gave you the largest tax hike and then says I raised your taxes, vote for me. I'm saying this, I give you the greatest tax reduction in the history of our country, greater than ronald reagan many years ago. Maybe that does not work in modern-day politics, but i'm going to stick with it. You see what has happened, billions and billions and trains of dollars coming back into the country. Jihadist economic force anywhere in the world and taking in more with a lower rate, much more money than we did it with a higher rate. He violated their sacred trust and can never be trusted again. One of the big things here is car insurance. I kept seeing car insurance, but here your car insurance is the highest in the nation and it is out of control. Now edwards is trying to demolish your state's economy by shutting down louisiana energy on behalf of the crazy, radical far-left. Edwards is totally owned by the trial lawyers were causing car rates and insurance rate to skyrocket. Edwards has allowed illegal aliens to steal millions of dollars in health care from hard-working citizens and cares more about illegal aliens then he cares about louisiana citizens. I love our military, eddie loves our military. They care more about illegal aliens than taking care of vets and taking care of [indiscernible] louisiana has the highest murder rate. I don't want to say it, but you have the highest murder rate anywhere in the United States. I did not know it. Edwards is backed by his pro-abortion lobby and is a complete disaster for the state of louisiana and you cannot afford four more years of this far-left travesty. It is time to replace your failed governor with eddie responding who is going to do an incredible job. So everybody needs to get out and vote early. 40%. Usually, it is like 2%. Early voting has started, so get out and vote and do it right away and let's go to the football game and do lots of things. Do it before the game or just make sure you get it out there and the election itself is going to be taking place saturday, so get out early. None bring up a man that I have gotten to know well because he is a business legend in many ways. Please come up. Eddie, please come up. [applause] thank you, thank you so much. Before I get started, I want to say this. Congressman abraham, I would not be here today if it wasn't for working very hard, traveling the state to make sure we can do better. Let's give him another round of applause. [applause] we are so grateful for the President to come down here more than once to get out the vote, to mobilize, make louisiana great like it deserves to be. We need something different if we want to be different. We don't deserve to be last. We have got to do something different. We need a pro trump conservative, an outsider, someone with serious business skills, something that has backbone to go against the status quo, someone like trump. That is what we need and we want to debate the President for coming here and exposing John bel edwards as the liberal he is. Thank you. John bel edwards would want you to believe he is not one of those liberal lunatics. We can send a message to him by voting me in and supporting our president, Donald Trump. I did not think they could go any lower, but just this saturday, they are running ads now all over the state accusing our President of being a racist and me being a racist and you being a racist. It is discussing how low they will go. When they start panicking and worrying, they play the race card. We have a President that has had the lowest unemployment for minorities in the history of the United States. We need to send them a message. Louisiana is conservative and we're going to have a businessman, someone who would make a number one in the nation. We can do that with your vote. [applause] that is amazing. This man can get the crowd fired up and he can get louisiana fired up in we can go and turn this state around stop taking. , state around. I need your support, and needs your vote and my wife and my family could use your prayers. Thank you. I'm going to take one more liberty. Go tigers! [applause] thank you, eddie. Thank you very much. Great man, going to be a great governor stop we are thrilled to be joined tonight by many of your wonderful louisiana leaders and I have to say they are warriors. I will ask them to come up in just a second, but they don't stop, very different personalities, both unbelievable. They fight hard for me, for you and they love this country. Come on up. [applause] let me just? What eddie said. This is trump country. None add to what he said. With your help, but only with your help we can make it responding , rispone hello, louisiana. Thank you mr. President for visiting our state. In three short years, President trump has doubled the growth in the greatest economy in all of human history. In you know what our democratic friends have done for it? Speaker nancy Pelosi is trying to impeach him. I don't mean any disrespect, but it must suck to be that dumb. None tell you one other thing , the same people that are backing speaker Pelosi are sending tens of millions of dollars to support governor edwards. [crowd booing] and all he has given us is decline and uncertainty. [crowd booing] now, unless , unless you are happy with crappy, I want you to vote for eddie rispoli for governor, and I want you to vote for hal ardoin for secretary of state. [cheers and applause] and I want you , this is important , I want you to vote for robert mills for the louisiana state senate. God bless louisiana. God bless our President. And God bless the United States of America. [cheers and applause] two great guys, two great warriors. Two people that love your state and country, and I appreciate it very much. I just want to bring up for a second a man who is an incredible campaigner, an incredible Congressman. You talk about loving our country. He will die for our country. He will die for the people of this state. He loves the people of this state. He did really, really well. He is all in for eddie, and that is ralph abraham, Congressman. Come on up here. [cheers and applause] thank you so much. Thank you, thank you so much. None, thank you for coming to monroe, louisiana. [cheers and applause] and thank you for making America great again. [cheers and applause] now, mr. President, this crowd and all of louisiana loves to win. We are going to celebrate again when the saints when the super bowl. [cheers and applause] we are going to celebrate again when lsu wins the wins the national championship. [cheers and applause] and we are going to celebrate you when you once again kill a terrorist like al-baghdadi. Thank you. [cheers and applause] but we are dead last and we must do better to our veterans here whose shadow we stand in every day. To our farmers and ranchers that till the land and heard the cattle from dawn to dusk. From our industry that has made us energy dominant to our law enforcement that runs toward the bullet when we run away. [cheers and applause] and to all of us that fill up their church pews every sunday morning and pray to a loving and caring god, we will win this race. So, mr. President , mr. President, you have shown the world what America could do. You have shown the world what americans can do, and more importantly, mr. President, you have shown the world what America will do, so we are going to win this race. Go vote for eddie. Let's get this thing done. Put the horse in the barn and go win a ballgame. Thank you. [cheers and applause] thank you very much. He is a great guy. He is a great guy. We appreciate it. I called ralph and said I would love to have you, he said sir, if you want me, if you need me, i'm here, and that's a real man. Thank you very much. And they are friends. They are real friends. You know, ralph said, mason, wears mason. We are saying mason, where are you, mason? What a job he did. What did you do? Fly around the world as the youngest person ever or something? I've got to mention you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Very important to ralph. None thank another of our incredible , I call them warriors because that is what they are. They have to be today. They will not be around long. Garrett graves, great Congressman. Thank you, garrett. They fight hard. That job is tougher than we all thought. Should not be tough at all, but they made it tough. We have people that made it tougher than it is supposed to be, but these are incredible people. Clay higgins. [cheers and applause] thank you, clay. And mike johnson. [cheers and applause] thanks, mike. Great job to all of you. And your state's attorney general, someone i've known for a long time , he's terrific , jeff landry. [cheers and applause] and two terrific men on the ballot with eddie, John mentioned that. Kyle ardoin and your next state senator, robert mills. [cheers and applause] we are also joined by louisiana's own bill and willie robertson , I love them. [cheers and applause] I can learn plenty from these two. Come on up here. Come on. Come up here. Come up here. [cheers and applause] come up. Great people. They've been with us from the beginning. Right from the beginning. Smart as can be and wonderful people. They hit big. They hit big. And you don't hit big unless you have it. Come on up, fellas. [cheers and applause] I got it down to this , if you are pro-god and pro-america and pro-gun and pro-duck hunting , that's all I want. [cheers and applause] well, I don't know what else to say after following phil and the President and eddie, but thank you guys so much. You have been such a great community to share life with, to worship with, and i'm so tickled to be here with the president, that he actually came down to our community. Let's go, eddie. [cheers and applause] thank you fellas. Two great guys. They were with me right at the beginning. I said who are they, they said they are two big television stars. I said wow, and I started watching a little bit. A lot of wisdom there. Republican policies are lifting up americans from every background and every walk of life. America is an economic powerhouse again like never before, actually. Like never before. We eliminated a record number of job killing regulations, saving an estimated $3000 per household. We also passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history, saving a typical family of four another $2000, and we are boldly adopting a policy of American energy independence. We don't have to go to these faraway places anymore. [cheers and applause] I was at the opening of the $10 billion camera lng export facility in louisiana employing thousands and thousands of louisiana workers. They could not get their permits for years. I got it real fast. I said let's go get them that permit. For years and years, they tried to get those permits. They could not get them. I got them very fast. I have never seen a building like that one. There are more pipes in that building than I have ever seen before. Meanwhile, every top Democrat running for President has pledged to abolish all American production of oil and natural gas, shipping thousands of your state's energy jobs overseas. That's all they are doing. [crowd booing] but louisiana will not give them that chance. We are reversing decades of disastrous trade policies. Louisiana lost one in four manufacturing jobs after the twin disasters of nafta and china's entrance into the world trade organization. Past leaders did not care one bit what happened to those louisiana communities because they were getting rich by sacrificing your wealth to other countries. You remember , we talk about it all the time. But under this administration, the great betrayal is over. America is no longer for sale. [cheers and applause] thanks to my tariffs, we are taking in billions and billions of dollars from a country that never gave us 10 cents, China. Can you imagine if we ever let the radical Democrats take over negotiations with China? Wouldn't be too good. Let's get hunter to do it, right? Come on, hunter. Come on, hunter. Let's see how you do, hunter. China would love it. More than anything else, they would love to be dealing with a different President. They actually do like me, but they do not like me when i'm doing to them , they are having the worst year they have had and 57 years, but it's not going to happen that way because we cannot let our country go back to the days of beginning ransacked and plundered by other nations. We will not be taken advantage of any longer. Before my election, our leaders used the great American middle class as a piggy bank to fund their delusional global projects. They decimated American factories , you know this. American manufacturing was broken and decimated to promote , they promoted economic growth in foreign countries. They did not promote economic growth in our country. They used our military to defend immensely wealthy nations, subsidizing their welfare state with your money. And they poured precious American blood and treasure into the Middle East while our great cities fell into disrepair. $8 trillion was spent in the Middle East. And you want to fix a highway, they say well, that's pretty expensive, right? Not anymore. But I was elected to be the President of the united states, not the President of the world. [cheers and applause] after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. [cheers and applause] and we are finally putting America first. You haven't heard that for a long time. Past leaders transform faraway nations into chaotic war zones. Then they demanded that American citizens accept unlimited migration from those terror-afflicted regions, stamping their visas for travel straight into your communities. Not anymore. My administration implemented the travel ban to block migration from some of the world's most dangerous and deadly places. [cheers and applause] and we are keeping terrorists, criminals, and viral , violent extremists the hell out of our country. That's what we are doing. On no issue have Democrats more totally betrayed you than immigration. All through the years, they threw up in your borders to drug dealers, and to vicious ms 13 gang members, and now, we are getting them out of the country by the thousands. [cheers and applause] thanks to our tireless efforts to secure our southern borders, illegal crossings have now dropped 70% since may. [cheers and applause] and when you look at what is happening over there, there's a good reason for what we are doing. We are building that wall faster than anyone thought it was possible to build, the army corps of engineers. We are also confronting the deadly menace of sanctuary cities, which release d'angelo crook , a dangerous criminal aliens into your neighborhoods, school zones, and city streets. Republicans believe our cities should be sanctuaries for law-abiding americans, not criminal aliens. [cheers and applause] and republicans will always stand with the heroes of ice, border patrol, and law enforcement. [cheers and applause] in the last administration, vile slanders of our police went unanswered and unchallenged. Now we are once again condemning anti-police violence , condemning anti-police bias and giving our law enforcement officers the respect that they so rightly deserve. If you want to show your love and support for American law enforcement and just plain success of your state in your country, then vote early for eddie reese pony , eddie ri spone. Democrats are becoming more extreme other day. The democrats' planned government takeover of health care would demolish your medicare. I will always protect medicare for our nation's seniors. We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions and we will also protect patients with pre-existing physicians. [cheers and applause] Democrats want to take away our doctors. Republicans will strongly defend your right to keep your doctor. You remember that with President obama , you keep your doctor, you keep your plan. 28 times. Times. It was a lie. Our ambitious campaign to reduce the price of prescription drugs has produced the largest decline in drug prices in over 50 years. Virtually every top Democrat now supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the month , [crowd booing] right up until the moment of birth. That is why I have asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion, because republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. [cheers on applause] Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and the American dream. It is also the party of the late, great abraham lincoln. People forget. [cheers and applause] we have confirmed already 158 incredible judges to interpret the constitution as written, including two great supreme court justices, neil gorsuch and brett kavanaugh. [cheers and applause] our historic investment in rebuilding the military has included more than ready million dollars to park scale. Do you know where that is? Barksdale. Where's barksdale? Nice? Good? Barksdale air force base right here in louisiana and $20 million to naval air station joint reserve base in new orleans. I withdrew from the horrible, one-sided Iran nuclear deal. I recognized israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. [cheers and applause] and we recognized israeli sovereignty over the goal on heights after 52 years , israeli sovereignty over the goal on heights , overly the golan heights. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up with the people of louisiana. [cheers and applause] the next step to victory begins in this state and it begins with you right now. With your support, we will show the corrupt Democrats , and they are corrupt, do-nothing Democrats , that the American people are not backing down. We need you to get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, and get out to vote early for eddie. If you don't vote early, I will be back on thursday to get you to vote on saturday, ok? Cheers it , [cheers and applause] with your help, we will lift millions of more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence and independence to work and prosperity. With your help, we will elect a Congress to create a fair, safe state and lawful system of immigration and many other things. We will enact trade deals that result in more products probably stamped with that beautiful phrase , made in the usa. [cheers and applause] we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, and ending the aids epidemic in America. Did you know that? Within 10 years. I never knew we could do it until recently, and we put up the money. We will have the aids epidemic ended. Who would have thought we could have done that? We will chart a new era of discovery in space and someday very soon, we will land an American astronaut on the surface of mars. [cheers and applause] we will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheers and applause] above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States. [cheers and applause] we stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. [cheers and applause] and we live by the words of our national model , national motto, and they will never, ever change as long as we are here. In God we trust. [cheers and applause] and it may be 120 degrees in this room, and I don't know about you, but i'm having a good time. [cheers and applause] it's a little hot. It's a little hot. Somebody is saving on air conditioning. That's all right. Well, we've got to save a little money. You go home, you lose about nine pounds, you say what happened? Well, I went to louisiana, we made some great friends and I lost about nine pounds. We stand on the shoulders of American patriots across oceans, settled on the continent, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater every single day. [cheers and applause] proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. Really, I mean, do you believe what is going on in washington with these do nothing, somewhat evil and in some cases very evil people? But that's the way it is, and here's the story , we are winning. We are winning like never before. [cheers and applause] if we were not winning, they would not care. Life would be a lot of fun in washington, probably, but we have to do what we were sent to do, right? We have to do it. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. [cheers and applause] let me ask you this , are the people of louisiana getting tired of winning? Is anybody getting tired of eating? Because I could go to John and bill. They will be told by you, senators, we are winning too much. We cannot take it anymore. There's too much winning. We liked our old way of life. We had lousy jobs. We got paid very little. There was no business. There was no nothing. Please go to washington and see the President and tell the President please stop winning so much. We are working too hard in louisiana. We are winning too much. I will look at them and I will say sorry, fellas, we are going to keep on winning. [cheers and applause] because we are one movement, we are one people, we are one family, and we are one glorious nation under God. [cheers and applause] America is thriving like never before, and, ladies and gentlemen of louisiana, the best is yet to come. [cheers and applause] together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, louisiana. Thank you.