ID: CSPANDT1812201927
Title: President Trump Rally in Battle Creek, Michigan
Date: 2019-12-18

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you to Vice President pence, he is a good guy we have done a great job together. Merry christmas, michigan. Thank you michigan. A lot of victory we had in michigan. It is one of the greats. Was that the greatest evening? But I am thrilled to be here with thousands of hard working patriots as we celebrate the miracle of christmas. The greatness of America and the glory of God. Thank you very much. (applause) and did you notice that everybody is saying merry christmas again? Did you notice? I remember when I first started this beautiful trip, this beautiful journey, I just said to the first lady, you are so lucky I took you on this fantastic journey. It is so much fun. They want to impeach you, they want to do worse than that. By the way, it does not feel like we are being impeached. The country is doing better than ever before. We did nothing wrong. We did nothing wrong. And we have tremendous support in the republican party like we have never had before. Nobody has ever had this kind of support. But secret stays in our country and it is thriving. And it is thriving like it has never happened before to the extent. What is happening now, and by the way your state, because of us, not because of local government, but because of us and the job that we have done, because I understand she's not fixing those potholes. It was all about roads and they want to raise those gasoline taxes on you. We do not want to do that. But she is not fixing the potholes. Michigan has had the best year it has ever had. And that is because we have had auto companies expanding and thriving and they are coming in from japan. And they are coming in from a lot of other places. Look at what is happening. I don't know if you know this but probably ten years ago I was honored, I was the man of the year by I think somebody or whoever. I was the man of the year in michigan, can you believe it? A long time. And that was long before I ever decided to do this. I was happy, I had a beautiful life. What the hell did I do this for? Look how we are doing. Do we love it? I love it. I love it. Anyways, I was the man of the year and probably close to ten years ago, and I came to michigan. He said you are still the man of the year. Who said that? Thank you. So, I came in and I remember the speech so well, I said why are you allowing them to steal your car companies? Why are you allowing them to go to mexico and to go from China where they come in from China. They built them and China. They saw them into our country with no tax and you lose your jobs. You lose your factories. The companies leave. And you get nothing. Why -- I asked him a long time ago. And we have stopped it. We have stopped it. You see that. And we just made the you and see a. We are getting rid of nafta which I think is the worst trade deal ever. And it is very exciting. It is a great deal. It is going to stop exactly what we just talked about. It makes a very, very prohibited. They could do it but they can pay a hell of a big price to do it. And history has proven, that stops them. And we have a great and cia that we have negotiated with mexico and canada. We have tremendous trade barriers in canada. We have had a tax on a dairy products. 297% tariff. Nobody talked about it. With canada. And we had some really bad things with mexico. We did not have a wonderful deal. And if we did have a good deal you know and I would've done? I wouldn't put tariffs on both countries and that would've been it. Right? That would've been it. Unfortunately the deal has been sitting with nancy Pelosi for a long time. And she had a lot of pressure, especially from manufacturing areas, farm areas, a lot of pressure to sign it. Here is what happens, I get along with labor. I have had a lot of union labor vote for me. Tremendous amount of labor. In new york, where I come from, we have a lot of unions and that is okay. That is fine. So we left the little stuff for the union because we figure to get inside we will give a little bit and we did it and we have one great deal. Now you have the Democrats who are trying to take credit for the steal. That is okay. Whatever it takes. For seven months it sets. They do not do anything. And by the way, I spoke to the unions the day before and said, fellas you gotta get it done. Union labor loves me and I love you too, sir. I love you too, sir. So we have a great deal with mexico, with canada. And it is true. I say to them right now if they ever wanted to break the deal, that is okay. If someone wants to break a deal with me, you always have to have an alternative, right? And this country, the deals we make, we did with south korea. That was great. We don't a deal with japan. A 40 million dollar deal with japan. And that was just a little piece of the deal. And I said to japan, look you have to make this deal or we are going to put a 20% tariff on the cars and that is more money than anything we were talking about. That is all right. Get her out!. Get out of here. Oh wow. You are about to hear the greatest speech you ever heard and that is going to be the publicity because all the fake news back there will say, massive riot. Massive riots. Fake news. But seriously, they won't say it. They won't say it. Because when we have protesters all in favor they do not talk about it but there is a slob, there is a real slob. Wait. Wait a minute. She will get hell when she comes back home with mom. But she made it, look, she screams a little bit and you know what I like to do? Avoid them. Because I will tell you the big problem. I could hardly hear her. What happens is all of you people will go crazy and the place, so there is one disgusting person who made, wait, I wouldn't say this, but made a horrible gesture with the wrong finger. Now they won't say that. The fake news. If one of us did that, it would be the biggest story ever. I think it is terrible. And I will tell you the other thing. I do not know who the security company is but the police came up. But they want to be so politically correct so they do not grab her wrist and get her out. They say, will you please come, we have these come with me. Ma'am, will you. And that she give the guy the finger. You gotta get a little bit stronger than that folks. I hate to say that. I hate to see it. But of course the guy is afraid that he will grab a wrist lightly and will be sued for the rest of his life that will destroy his life. I think it is a terrible thing. Here is what happens. These fakirs are the most dishonest people. This is one person who made a horrible gesture only because the security matt let her have so much time. Usually, I have to say, the police do an incredible job. Incredible. They do it so quickly. And they are going to make it like it is the biggest event. So just forget it. We know what is going on. And that is the good thing with light television. Look at all the light television back there. So in addition to the -- which is going to be great for the automobile business. Should even be good for the cereal business. Battle creek. I have been eating battle creek cereal for a long time. Two months. They are still making great cereal, right? I hope. I know the areas doing good. But in addition, we made a great deal with China. And you know China is paying us millions and millions of dollars a year. They never gave us ten cents. They have been giving us millions of dollars and we are leaving the 25% tariffs and 250 billion dollars they did not mention that. We are making another group of terrorists. This gives us a lot of currency to do the face to deal. Which they want to start. But we are taking in millions of dollars and to help the farmers who are targeted, 16 million and 12 million the previous year. It helps to farmers. So you know we do? Out of the big checks that we get and all that money flows into the treasury, right? Out of the big check, we gave the farmers 12 million for the previous year. And you know the incredible thing, and I was with a lot of farmers. I was with a group of 36 farmers in the white house. You know what they said to me? They said do not worry about it, we are going to take care of you guys. And I used a bad word. You know what word I used? We are going to get you a subsidy. This was two years ago. How much were you targeted for? This was the first year. 12 million, sir. The second year, they were targeted. That is what they did not get from charges. And I said, sorry we are going to give you a subsidy of the same and we are going to take it out of the tariffs and we are going to have millions of millions of dollars left over. And they said, sir we do not want money we just want a level playing field. I have never seen that before. I have never seen that before. It is true. They just want to be able to have a level playing field. I thought, because whether it is countries or companies, everybody wants money. The farmers want a level playing field, but we took good care of our farmers, that I could tell you. And we made the largest ever investment in our military. 738 billion dollars are made in the usa. Oil branding. So we will have invested in our military since I am here, which is less than three years. By the way, in all due respect to the previous two administrations, our military was depleted. It was depleted. It was in bad shape. We had fighter jets that were 35 years old. You heard where the father for him. The grandfather flew him. And now the young son comes in. We got the best equipment in the world. None spent two and a half trillion dollars made in the usa. Two and a half trillion. We will shortly, that would be all finished. We have the best planes. We are going to have the best ships. We are building a lot of ships now. We are building the most powerful weapons in the world. Now we do not even want to talk about it. We do never want to use them. But you know the way we are going to have to use them? Is if we have them. We are building submarines the power of which no one has ever seen before. Nobody has ever seen before. It is funny, we have this company that come in. I like to make good deals. You have to make a deal. That is what we do. So these countries that come in, prime ministers, presidents, sometimes with dictators. Those we can't deal with too much. Say they like to buy a submarine. I say, no thanks. I turned them all down. You have no idea how many people. But we are building some of the most powerful weapons ever made by a man or woman kind. I say mankind and womankind. See in the old days, in the old days, I would say mankind. Now I say mankind and womankind. This way I do not get in trouble with our friends. But we have the most powerful in the world and what we are doing is incredible. What we are doing with missiles, with rockets, with everything. And you know what, again, we do not want to use it. But we will never have anything like what is mostly been built. We have the f35. It is still. And I was one of the areas where they were displaying it. And I went up to the pilots and honestly, they are better looking than tom cruz. Good movie. Good guy to, by the way. The faces equal, maybe slightly better. The body is bigger and stronger. They can definitely fight. They are the real deal. They are so good-looking I said you can be a movie star go to hollywood. No sir, I like doing what I am doing. I said to these guy, just like central casting, I said fellas, how good it is plain. He said sir, it is great. Why? Because the enemy cannot see it. That helps. Stuff. It is actually called super stealth. So I said, you mean they cannot see? They have no idea where we are sir. That sounds good to me. Nobody does it. Nobody can do it. We have the whole thing. And we ordered a lot of those planes. We ordered a lot of great stuff. And I won't tell you the story but very early on I thought we were gonna have a problem someplace and one of the generals came up to me and said do not go, don't go and do it. I said why? We do not have the ammunition. I said two things, I never wanted to hear a President -- we never wanted a President -- nor do we want a President to go through the crap that we have been going through right now. Another thing we did, which is to me such an incredible thing to have done and such an honor. So our last u. s. Armed forces. The last branch was the air force. That was many, many decades ago. We are now building, and we have now gone funding for the sixth branch of the United States armed forces. The space force. So I will be able to tell my kids some day and everybody else. See that space? Forced that was my baby. And you think that was easy? That was not easy. Because you have Democrats who do not like our military. They do not like our military. And we did something yesterday, because for three years I would see the people that run, incredible people, the heads of the historically black colleges in the country. And every year they come in and will be looking for help. They need help and they do need help. And it is great. And they do an incredible job. So many great schools but they need help. And every year they have to come. I got to know them. The only thing is that you will not see me too much anymore because we just provided record funding for our nations historically black colleges and university. And it is long term. They will not have to come. I said, look you can do that we do it every year. Or we will do what we have. They said, let us just have it. So we will miss them but they are great people. They have done an incredible job. And our extraordinary jobs boom which created another 266,000 jobs last month. And then you add the other jobs from the previous in less than 300 jobs. And they said, if you are a business watcher, which I am, I love watching business. They said that they were guessing 70, 000, could be 80, 000, maybe 90, 000, maybe 110,000 somebody said. And then the number comes out, 266, 000, with an adjustment. Remember about four months ago where we had one little period. One little period where there was a little downturn and they said, we think we are going into a recession. I said do not worry about it. We are think we are going into a recession, they were willing to lose their wealth. They were willing for their stocks and whatever they own. When you guys own back there? Let it go. They will go busted. They do not care. Anything to get rid of us. Not me, us. And you know what? Now for the last couple of weeks we have set brand-new records in the history of the various stockmarkets. As of yesterday, we have had 133 record days in the stock market. None and that is in less than three years. So when I see that I do not care because I am not allowed to have stop. I cannot have stuck. They considered a conflict of interest and that I can understand. I can. But you know what? I will tell you that I see tremendous job growth because we are setting records. But you know what I also see? The 401(k) s where people are up 90%. They are up 97%. They are up 82%. I will tell you the story all the time I have people coming up to me. A man came up to me, a policeman, I have so many times told you the story. That was a year ago, there was a long time ago, right now it is much higher than that. But he said sir I want to thank you. My wife thinks I am a loser. All my life, we never did well with the 401(k) s. Everything I invested. I am up 72% sir. She thinks i'm a financial genius. She is so in love with me. He said, darling I think you are the greatest investors. And I do not even know what I am doing sir. I just have all the stocks. So I just want to tell you, I look at the 401(k). Who has 401(k) s here? So that is what I see. I do not care about the rich ones I care about everybody. I care about everybody actually. So, forward motor company just announced that it is investing 1. 5 billion dollars into auto factories in the detroit area creating a another 3000 michigan jobs. And that is on top of the other investments we have gotten in Japanese companies, and car companies, and other companies. And they're all coming in. And they are all coming into michigan. And I say hey, come to michigan. Sometimes they go south and that is okay. I want them in this country. But ideally I want to feel them up. We are doing so well with the auto companies. You are back. You are back. I am very proud of you. Very proud of them. But while we are creating jobs, fighting for michigan workers that are achieving numbers you have never seen before incredible victories for the American people are happening. The radical left in Congress is consumed with hatred and envy and rage. You could see what is going on. I will tell you, these people are crazy. You ever hear that economists to? If you have a good economy. I have the greatest economy in the history of this country. And nobody talks about it. Nobody talks about it. If you are a Democrat they say, oh it is the economy. If the economy is enemy good. If crooked hillary would of one, you are economy would've crashed. You were going down. The regulations were taking it down. The taxes were taking it down. Instead of being up 92% or whatever you are up, you would've been in less than half. It was crashing. For all those people who are saying it was the obama administration. None tell you something, you were dying. If you look at the first period in the couple of months, it was a disaster, but it was heading south and sure as you are standing, and i'm sorry you cannot get you will see swing. By the way, 20,000 people outside had to leave. It is so cold outside we told them, do not worried -- do not worry, go home and watch. This is about a 5500 seat arena and I said to my people, why so small? Are we spoiled? I watch these guys come in like biden, he has a big rally and they get 93 people to show up. It is true. I do not understand it. Did you see the new polls from usa today came out? I am killing everybody. And they hate me. Usa today hates me. Usa today hates me, but there is a poll that we are beating everybody. So biden has his rally, they have like 200 seats. But only a small number of people, so you know what they do? They set up a round table. So think of these people. They come in they think they are going to listen to a speech but the end of sitting at a roundtable discussing. They must of unhappy, right? We do not have enough room for round tables, i'm sorry. Now they set up a roundtable but I think we are doing good. How do you beat what we have done with the economy, with our great beds, with choice. You finally have choice. They have been trying to get a for almost 50 years. See these people back here, your seat or stan is better, right? But you know what? They are going to be much more famous because the camera cannot see you. It could only see them. The cameras, have you ever noticed that I have been in the stadiums and they have never showed the crowd. You know why? It's crazy pocahontas. If crazy pocahontas goes to the middle of central park of whatever park. I could have barren trump go into central park and he would get a crowd just as big. He is 13. He could get a bigger crowd. But if she has a crowd, oh this crowd is so big. I have had crowds over the last couple of weeks. We went to different places like pennsylvania, florida, but thousands and thousands of people cannot get into these and be a arenas. Big arenas. And we set records -- thank you I appreciate. So used for. The basketball court. So we set records in arenas. They never even mentioned the crowds. It is sort of amazing. You know what? I do not think we have ever had an empty seat from the time I came down the escalator. That was a long time ago. I do not think we have had an empty seat. (applause) now with the cook media does though. Look how packed it is. And there are thousands outside. Please go home, you are going to catch an ammonia. If this man and that beautiful woman happened to get up because they want to go to the bathroom. Those cameras will turn to those two seats and they will say, trump was unable to fill the arena. I always get nervous when I see, I know they are coming back, no one ever leaves our speeches, because is there a better place to be in the world on a trump rally? (applause) no place. But every time I see a man get up, I see a beautiful woman with a baby getting up, the baby has gone crazy. I know they are going to be right back. And I say fill those two seats I do not want them to see it because there was a, could not fill up the rena. These are truly dishonest people. After three years of sinister witch hunts, hoax and scams, tonight the house Democrats are trying to notify the ballots of tens of millions of patriotic americans. Capped off with one of the greatest election evenings in history. Wasn't that the greatest? Remember when they all said, no you cannot win michigan. And then I won. I want grand rapids, right? We had 32,000 people that night. It was 1:00 in the morning that means it was election day when I started speaking. Hillary, barack obama, michel obama and bill clinton, they did an emergency trip to michigan at 6:00. They got here a prime time. They started to issue 500 people. I got here at 1:00 in the morning the next day which is now election day. How many people were there? 32,000. 32,000 people outside inside. It was a lie speech in michigan. And they said, well it is very hard to mitch mid -- to win michigan. I said I was going to bring car companies back, I said I was I -- just hope you people know that. I just hope you know it. But I will never forget that night. In all fairness to bill clinton, he used to be a friend of mine until I ran for office. I like him. But he told, you know the way he tried to shut him out, because he is a pro. He is instinct. He does not need polling companies. Who wants him? If you want to polling company pick up the newspaper. The problem is the newspaper polls are more fake than the news day right. They write fake polls. It is true. They write fake polls. You call them suppression polls. You read them and you get depressed because it looks like you are doing badly. I think it is almost worse than what they write. And you cannot get worse than what they right. So what happens is, bill clinton said to crooked hillary, his very dishonest fight wife, said crooked hillary. Do you think he calls him crooked hillary? Maybe he just calls her cricket. He said crooked I am telling you. Crooked I do not like what I am seeing and michigan. I do not like what i'm seeing in wisconsin. I took a trip to wisconsin and I will tell you what, they had those trump Pence signs all the way to the convention area. On every lawn. I do not like wisconsin. And they said do not worry about, what the how does he know. What do you know. Remember they shot him the other day they did not want him talking? He was right. I do not want to cause any problems in the family, but he was right. He talked about wisconsin. And he talked about michigan. He said crooked, I am telling you cook it, I do not like what I am seeing in michigan. I was in michigan and I am telling you they had those signs. I saw so -- i'm two of them on the car. And he said, you horrible human being you better start listening to me because you are gonna get walloped. And you know what happened? You know what happened? She didn't listen fortunately. And she did not come to michigan enough, and she did not come to was scones in, I think at all. Because her polling data looked good. It looks good to me to. Every time we went there we had this crowd. So we one wisconsin. We won michigan. And the great mcdaniel. Where is mcdaniel? Rana, she was so horrible. I did not know her. Ronna mcdaniel. And she was so aggressive. She kept calling and saying, can you please come up to michigan. And I said, who are you? And I said, what do you mean another trip? So anyway we had a big crowd, I met her greta -- right now no more. We are going to win it or not. Two days later I got a call, sir can you please come out to michigan one more time. She was the campaign chairman in michigan. So I said, okay. And then I got the ultimate call. Six or call in the evening for this final deal in grand rapids. Sir, can you come to michigan tonight. And I thought I was just about finished. I went to alaska's great state and I said, it is over. Now I sit back and I watch and I see what happens. But she said, can you come to michigan? I said that is the most aggressive human being I have ever met. And we did it! And we won michigan. And the word is, that we are much higher right now in the polls than we were ever in 2016 in michigan. You better remember when you walk in. It is november 3rd this time. By the way though, that evening, that incredible evening in november, one of the biggest nights in the history of television. You never hear them say so I might as well. In my debate you see -- who want to watch buttigieg? Buttigieg! The way you pronounce it I heard somebody say because it is on pronounce it will name. That is why they call him mayor pete. Mayor pete. Mayor pete i, have had you up to here mayor pete. Now buttigieg is a leading. You say this way. They call him mayor pete because no one can pronounce his last name. People think, by the way, you know what I am not gonna say bad things about him. I want him to win. I thought I knocked off pocahontas. I did it a year to early. I hear too early. I give her credit. She then started to come back. I do not think she's going to make it. She is gasping for air. But I saw them pronouncing buttigieg. And they said here is what you do, boot edge. Like edge at the edge of the building. Buttigieg. You have to be older to know what that means. But congressional Democrats are directing attack king 2. 3 million michigan voters who rose up in 2016. One the state and now the Democrats are very upset. They want to get michigan back. They do not know how to do it because they did not do it think for michigan. They did not do anything from michigan. All they did was take away your companies and let them go to mexico and other places. I don't know if you know it but mexico has 32% of your car business, you know that right? Not because of me. They are not moving. But mexico has 32% of our car business. It has been moved to mexico. Can you believe this? Before I got it in. But that is what I used to talk about. When I was honored that night I said, how do you like this happen? How do you let all these companies leave? Maybe the single reason I ran for President. And I had a lot of them. Immigration, I had a lot of them. But this may be the single biggest. With today's illegal unconstitutional partisan impeachment. They do nothing Democrats. And they are do nothing. All they want to do is focus on this. All they are doing is declaring the disdain for the American voter. This lawless partisan impeachment is a political suicide march for the Democrat party. Have you seen my polls in the last four weeks? It is crazy. You know why? Because people, we have an election down the road, I announced three months ago that I am running. I will give you a little clue. I announced because I figured once they announced they will never impeach no one will be so stupid. But they have been trying to impeach me from day one. They have been trying to impeach me from before even ran. Because if you remember, when I went immediately to number one, I never came off number one. We had center stage from day one. In the debates. So we had 14 maybe 15 debates. We had a total of 18 actually. People forgot there was one man ever talked about, but that was okay. We had 18 people and I was center stage. And I said, wait a minute this is no good, I want auditors because if you are center stage. If you have a ten that means two people are in the middle. I said make a leveller make it nine. I am not showing up. And generally they did it. Because we were way ahead from the beginning but I made a lot of great friends out of that group and many of them are good friends today although you would not know it based on -- they say that it was a pretty mean primary. Wasn't that fun? Through there, I liked it. Through there the depraved actions today, crazy nancy Pelosi and house Democrats have branded themselves with an eternal Mark of shame. It is a disgrace. Democrat lawmakers do not believe you have the right to select your own President. They think that the washington swamp, which we believe it or not, it an easy. Because they got so much stacked. Including these guys. These guys are a part of the democratic party. They are a part of it. You might as well of called them Democrats. Now the media, look, it is hard for someone to know if you are not the subject because how do you know if the new york times or totally dishonest or the washington post. Or abc is so bad. Cbs, so bad. Nbc, I made a lot of money with nbc right? A lot of money. A lot. Plus we had the number one show on the lot and they had nothing in the top ten except for a thing called the apprentice. And they treat me so badly I brilliantly said, one group I know will treat me well. Nbc, I call it comcast. They are just bad as cnn and just as bad as msnbc. By the way, cnn and msnbc, the ratings are down the tubes. I love it. I love it! But they think the washington swamp should be able to veto the results of an election. That is what they think. There has never been a time like this. Think of it, you have the greatest economy in the history of the world. Other countries come to see me, and all other leaders say sir, first thing, sir congratulations on your economy we are trying to do the same thing. Congratulations. And these guys do not know what i'm talking about. And if they do they say obama did it all. Obama. Remember obama said, you will never be President. He will never be President. Then remember he said, I will consider it a personal front if you allow him to be President. And then I became President and he was not so happy. And in all fairness, he campaigned harder than crooked hillary because he had more strength. I go to these places like secret services, I have not seen a lobby in three years. I go through basements, I passed through compact appliance. I know more about compact or's. I said fellas do you think maybe you can take me through a lobby? No sir. But I will tell you what, I go upstairs downstairs all around, they have taken me up three flights go down when I say are we there. They say yes sir another for flights. And I said you think hillary could do this? I do not think so. They would bring her back home she wants to go to sleep. And now I hear she wants to run again. Wouldn't that be great? Thank you. We would love that. You think the Democrats are screwed out way to that happens. Based on the fbi report you just saw what happened with the ig when it came out. With the fbi. Based on that, you know what? I never stopped you now think of what they did. Think of what they did. Think of how dishonest it all was. They should not even be allowed to have an impeachment because it was based on dishonesty. It was based on illegality. She went out and they paid for a fake dossier they gave money to foreigners to write a fake dossier. Totally disproven. Totally fake. The fbi that took that fake dossier and used it in the fisa accord to get approval to spy on my campaign. And if we were democrats, they would have been in jail two years ago. It is a disgrace. Think of what they did. So they used this fake dossier and they product before this big deal court. It is a big deal. The fisa court. And they said, this stuff, and they lied about it, because comey is another beauty. Then I do a great job when I fired him? Oh no they had bad plans. I did a great thing. That was like throwing a rock at a hornets nest. The death placed explode? And then we learned about lisa page and her wonderful lover. I love you lisa. I love you more than anybody in the world. I love you more than anybody in the world. Of course there were problems with the wife, but we will not talk about that. Those tapes did not work well. How about those statements? And then they say, in all fairness I really like the report, but how does the inspector General say, because do not forget he was appointed by obama so I am not knocking him because he gave us a lot of nuggets but we have a lot of those nuggets. How does the inspector General say, you have these horrible, he is going to lose isn't he? Or, she is going to win 100 million. You see all the? Zeroes he is going to lose 100 isn't he peter? I love you so much peter. I have never loved anyone like you. He is going to lose 100 million to one, hundred. That is right he's going to lose. But there is no bias how it insurance policy? To me they are the greatest. Just in case she loses, we have an insurance policy. We are in the insurance policy right now, folks. We have been in it for three years. That is what they meant. The insurance policy is on an artificial respirator. It is doing awfully well. And I will tell you something, rush limbaugh said it, sean hannity said it, laura ingram said it, tucker said it, gains we set it. But a lot of people have said it. They have said that there is nobody in the world that could have handled that stuff that happened and still created one of the greatest economies and have done more than any other President ever before in the first three years. I understand that. But it is my life. Very unfair to my family. I have to say this. Very unfair to my family. But they have put my family through is a disgrace. Me it is my life, it is fine. But what they have put my family through is a disgrace and they ought to be ashamed. And we should get an apology all over the place. So yesterday I said, Pelosi a letter denouncing and condemning her party's outrage of abuse of power. They have nothing. They are the ones that should be impeached. Every one of them. You have this guy schiff, he makes up a statement and goes in front of Congress where he has immunity and he makes up a statement from me that is totally fictitious, totally out of thin air, the worst statement I have ever heard. Many people saw it. I had a person two weeks ago say, I did not love the statement you made. Really did you not read the transcript. No I heard it on television I heard adam schiff. He made it up! I then sent him the transcript and said I feel better. Everyone calls are perfect. If you read it, here is the thing, he makes up the statement and it finished. Didn't he have a quid pro quo?'s eight. Can you imagine, you are dealing with the country and you say a time that you are going to do something. The first time, they say. The second time they say, it is strange. The third time they say, what is wrong. Eight times. Eight times. They would have you arrested and put you in a saying asylum. I think he said eight not seven. And then he finished with, do not call me I will call you. Can you imagine, the President of the united states, don't call me I will call you. You know what that is? That is a mafia statement. That is the head of the mafia saying, do not call me I will call you. This guy actually said that. And then he walked away and people became incensed because they knew that is not what people have read. Most people believed him. He is a corrupt politician. 100%. And then I see him, by the way you ever see this guy? He walked up to the mic. All fairness, because with me too I don't ever think about looks. I do not talk about looks of a male or female. But in his case, that this is the last time I referred to this. It's not -- he is not the best guy -- he is not the best looking I have ever seen. He walks up to mike and he is so. This is a sad, sad day for America. Our President is an employee of Russia. I have absolute proof that the president, this is at the beginning, and every week they say what is the proof. It is coming. It is coming. Then we get the mueller report. Nothing. And I will tell you, I know some of the people in this audience, if I spent not 45 million dollars not 18 million trumpeters. I call them the angry Democrats. One from 13 and then to 18. Did mueller do it do a good job? How is his performance in front of Congress? Not the best. But think of this. 45 million they spent and I heard someone say what we got back some of them. None tell you, you cost this country billions and billions and billions of dollars and all of the things that did not get done. And all of the embarrassment to our country. You caused billions and billions of dollars and it was a hoax. This guy schiff, I have absolute proof. I have this, I have that, this that. Anytime he sees a camera and he is stonefaced. He is a pathological liar. He gets up, and i've never seen anything like this. Even I was saying, I wonder what he has. What does he have I have not spoken to russian years. What do I have to do with Russia? But this guy gets up. I think we have oh coming in. So we got every single republican voted for us? Whoa! Wow! Almost 200. So we had one 98, to 29, one 98, we did not even lose one republican vote and three Democrats voted for us. Thank you haley. Great job. Wow! The republican party has never been so affronted, but they have never been so united as they are right now. Never. Never. And I know the senators and they are great guys and women to. We have some great women. We have great guys. Great people. They love this country. They are going to do the right thing. They are going to do the right thing. So I said in my letter to Pelosi. I love that. Usually there is one or two. The republicans I have said for a long time, the Democrats are lousy politicians. They have horrible policies, open borders, crime is fine. Drugs pouring through. Think of what they do. This they love sanctuary cities. The lousy politicians but they have one thing, two things. They are vicious. They are the most vicious people. The republicans are not as vicious. They may learn to be vicious after going through this. But the other thing the Democrats will we stick together. Think of it, three Democrats went over to our side. No republicans went over to the other side. It is unheard of. And by the, way this is for 100 years. I'm not just talking about this little point in time, the republicans are known, as it is always harder to stick together, these people are, great we have a great republican party, and we have to get that change, we have to take back the house, had the greatest health care ever if we take -- a by the, way we had another victory. The individual mandate just a little while ago came over the wires. It was just upheld, the individual mandate is now gone, the most unpopular part of obamacare, with your help, so I said in my letter to pelosi, by proceeding with your invalid impeachment, you're violating out of office, is breaking their allegiance to the constitution, you're declaring open war on American democracy, you dare to invoke the founding fathers in pursuit of this election, notifications games, yet your spiteful actions display unfettered contempt for america's founding, and your egregious conduct, and listen, it is so true, it tries to destroy what our founders pledged and in fact, their very lives to build their the ones interfering in dramatic election. You are the ones to burnings america's democracy. We did nothing wrong, nothing whatsoever. This is just an excuse. You are the ones obstructing justice. You are the ones bringing pain and suffering through our republic for your own selfish personal political and partisan again. They are bringing pain, the work we could be doing on lowering drug prices, on getting rid of these horrible, horrible situations, you know, on the border, the woman is okay. She okay? Okay, thank you very much. Thank you. I mean, some of these people are waiting here for three days, thank you, they will come back. Come back. Thank you. Merry christmas, it's true, but what they've done with this provision, it is perversion, and when you watch some of these people get up and speak today, they don't even -- a, you are violated the constitution. Well, what is he done wrong? We don't know that. They don't even have any crime. This is the first impeachment where there is no crime I say, tell me what i, did please. Well, we don't know, you violated the constitution, you and turley who are, sworn allen dershowitz, all these guys to say there is no crime, there is no crime, there is no crime, I am the first person to ever get impeached and there is no crime. You know what they call it, impeachment light. It is impeachment light. That is why you know, with richard nixon, I just see it as a very dark era, very dark, we don't even like to think, I don't know about you but i'm having a good time, but I also know we have a great group of people behind us in the republican party, we really do. Maybe I would not feel the same way, but we have a great group of people behind us. We had in the house in the senate, they are doing a great job, so, I am not worried. I am not worried because it is always, good when you don't do anything wrong, you could impeach, that maybe a record that will last forever but you know what they have done, they have cheapen the impeachment process, and now, no anybody who knew, this is a sacred position, anybody who becomes President i, mean they can have a phone call and they get impeached. So republicans, if you have a Democrat President of the republican house, I don't like the guy for whatever reason, or the, woman they impeach the President. It is cheap and it. It is exactly what our founding fathers did not want and they said it could happen and it has happened. But I know one thing, americas will show up at the tens of millions next year to vote Pelosi the hell out of office. Maybe, maybe. Just that let's assume he's looking down, but I gave him a plus, not a, knot before, us not the, I gave him a plus, and she called me and said oh, I will go into the conversation because it is not fair to do that but all I want to say is, let's put it this way. It was the most profuse thank you to you could ever get, on a scale of zero to ten, it was attend, okay, so that was february. None to talk about this phony impeachment and we have to look seriously at our president, because he may violate the constitution of the united states, and I can't be happy with that, because I love our country, she loves everything, and I said, she's a no, okay, I look at her, as she is so sincere, what happens? I vote to impeach trump. So you know what? I didn't, say who the hell near this President to come up. I want you to hold mueller hoax, to do this big report, I was totally exonerated. They did not even bring it up at the impeachment because I was totally exonerated, if they saw one little colonel, one little corner, look what they did with one word. Remember this. What did I do? What did I do? It's us. So what they don't say it that way, they say are, read a totally different, you know, schiff and his band of thieves, they read, it and I say basically a very simple, he was a favor, our country, do us, do us, not me, our country, and then what do I say? I say, United States to attorney general, attorney General of the United States could speak to you, it would be great, okay, because he's never made a correction, in fact, the new leader of ukraine he got in on a construction, on a platform where he looks for all of the problems of dishonesty and everything that was going on in ukraine. He looked for. That is how we got into office. He got into office that way, so we take it and they repeated 1000 times, and they never say it with the race, and I go wow, and we start, and the republicans, right now, we are was correct but I use the word us, us is the united states, our country intellectually says I think, calm, a country, but they don't say, that they say do me a favor, how many times have you heard it where they say in a speech, and then the President said, do me a favor, well, that is not what I said, he said -- I said do survey, for our country, and I said, attorney General united states, I did not say my campaign manager, okay, I said, the attorney, and these, people want to impeach the President of the United States for that? And then what happened right? So then, the President of ukraine, who is a quality person said, there was no pressure exerted whatsoever. That was a killer for the Democrats. Then the foreign minister said the same thing. He said, there was no pressure exerted whatsoever. There was no pressure. That is a killer. So now did you see what the Democrats did a couple of days ago? They tried to say that he is not a strong person. That he was weak. They used the word weak. That he was weak and under the power of trump. Do you know how insulting that is? Anybody that becomes President of a country and that is a big country in a tough country, you have to be tough. He is tough. So what they are saying now is that he was weak because the wording is just does not fit. These are really dishonest people and if the press was fair, this thing would've never happened. So the house Democrats are surrendering their majority, their dignity, the reputations, they look like a bunch of fools. And I will tell you, we have a lot of new stars in the republican party I can list off 20 names. They are giving up their honor and they will receive a big backlash at the box office when you take a look. That ballot box in november 3rd, I think we are going to have crowds and we never had. I will tell you something, a used to be, all the republicans. In 2018, I did not run. I did not run, right? Actually we picked up two seats in the senate that these guys never talk about. We just approved 171 supreme court justices, federal court justices. 171 federal justices including courts of appeal. 171 which will probably be up by the end of the year 282 and for that I thank President obama. He gave me 142 openings. He gave me 142. I said to him, because the most important thing you can do as a President is judges and supreme courts. We have two great supreme court justice. Two justices of the supreme court. Kavanaugh gorsuch, two great men. They are great. And how about the pain that they put justice kavanaugh through. Over a phony deal, I hate to tell you. What a disgrace. What they put that man through and the family through. Just remember it come november. You have to remember it. It is a long time. In the life of trump, ten months is an eternity. It is a long time. Somebody said, congratulations sir, you are going to win. I said to not say that. Do not talk about it. Pretend you are always one point down like last time. It is going to be close. No, it is going to be close. What they put that man through is horrible. What they put their family through is horrible. And those stories largely have been recanted and frankly the ones that did not recant, I do not know what a supreme court judge does but he should sue them. He should sue them. We want to take back the house, we will hold the senate and we will keep the white house! You will have the greatest health care! You will continue with the greatest judges! We have judges, we have had a great story in the wall street journal. I have to always be truthful because if i'm a little bit off they call me a liar. They say he is a pinocchio. Stupid washington post. They are pinocchio. Even if you like saying things perfectly it is upon ohio. There was nothing that you can say where you do not get a pinocchio. What happens is that we have, wall street sharon or the other day, has the best story. They said, whether you like him or not the jaw -- the job is done on judges and supreme courts. But the job is done on judges. They say it is the most important thing. I do not agree. I saved events is the most. The military is the most. But once you are on beyond the military to meet defenses the most important. Because without good defense we would not need judges so much. It is like someone saying, we just violated the budget. Do not worry about the budget. If we are attacked and not doing very well and someone says elise we have a good budget, that does not work too well. That does not work. So we have great military, we have great judges, we have great everything. Drop prices are down for the first time in 15 years. Drug prices came down. And that is with no help from the Democrats. If they how, because you need their votes, if they helped I can get those drug prices down 40 to 50%. Okay? And we just approved and we are approving the governor of florida ron desantis, we are giving him the right to go and buy from a foreign country where the prices for the identical drug, identical drug are 50% less and he is going to do that for the people of florida, and we are going to do that for your governments if we want to do that. We will get that down so far, everyone in America can see straight through the washington Democrat phony, dangerous charade. Shift makes up so many things, Pelosi makes it up and she backs him up. I saw her on a television show and george stephanopoulos, said, even he said, he was spent defending, I could not believe it, he made a statement, but you know he lied, he made a statement, that we didn't, he didn't, so that means nancy Pelosi said no, the statement that he made out, but it is not going to end soon and it is going to come out to a beautiful, great victory for the republican party and for this nation. Thank you very much. So, that is it, we have the greatest country, we have turned around the ship, we need for more years. If we do not have, them if you want to drive them crazy, if we had one group in pennsylvania, some guy started screaming, 16 more years. They went crazy you know, and you know what they don't understand? When I do get out, there are going to go out of business. They're making more money than they've ever made. The crazy new york times, one of the worst newspapers in the world, one of the most dishonest newspapers in the history of the world, totally phony, they came up with a story that was a great headline for me, and the people that read it, the super radical left, they called and complained so much to change the headline and took it from positive to negative on a good story. Can you believe it? They are among the most dishonest people, but I will never forget, before I took that break -- secret escalator ride with our first lady. This I said, first lady, we are so lucky I took you on this journey, this wonderful, beautiful journey. And it is, do you know what is a wonderful, beautiful journey, because look at what we are accomplishing. It is unbelievable. It is unprecedented. It is unprecedented what were accomplishing. For so lucky. I say it all my people, I say, you folks are so lucky, I could -- you could be home right now relaxing, but I would rather be here right now frankly, than any place, these rallies are, great they are inspiring. You are inspiring and you know, it is funny, we are not even into election season. It is a long way away. We are not even it, and yet I think the enthusiasm right now is greater than it was even before the 2016 election. Does that make any sense? I think a lot of it has to do with the witch hunt. A lot of it has to do with the phony witch hunt, because you're smart people. You know, you're the elite. They're not the elite. You are the only. You're the only. You do better than they do. We talk about it, the only. A really? None better schools, many of you want better schools. We'll talk about homes even though you're homes and I saw, everyone homes, walk or jobs, you see the job report? Use your wages are going up? When I was here, when I first, because I was told that people made no money, that was four years, ago so was 20 years before, that is 20 4:25 years ago, they made more money 24 years ago than they were making when I was elected President and they worked one job versus two or three jobs, now what is going up beautifully, and we want that, the salaries and you know the number one group of people that are going up is the blue collar worker. It is that, percentage the blue collar worker, they have two and three jobs, the blue collar worker is going up the most. Anyway, so, you know what else? The thing i'm happiest about? African American unemployment, the lowest in the history of our country. African American -- remember, are used to say, you remember, look, you, are you the greatest guy? I don't think -- so do I pay -- I tell you, I have a group of african American guys and gals, by the way, that follow me around and I think I pay them and I doubt. I love, them they love me. They come -- how many rallies if you come to? A lot. They are great people, just great. Thank you. I don't even know the hell he is, I don't know, but I like, I see you at so many rallies. I appreciate it, you when you're group, they are great people. You were obviously doing well if you can travel around like that, right? He knows. I appreciate it, I really do, I think it is fantastic, thank you, thank you, but think of this, african American unemployment is the lowest it is ever been in the history of our country. The poverty level, they had a horrible poverty level, in the negative sense, now they're poverty levels are the best they've ever been in history of our country. Same with hispanic americans, the best unemployment numbers and the employment numbers, and the same with asians, the best unemployment and women, i'm sorry, 71 years, back to 71 years. I have let the women down, but I think within another couple of months, you will be historic also. The best in 71 years, but what we have been doing has been incredible things, and when i'm on a big stage with one of these characters and they try to say negative stuff and I will just say, here is the story, in history of our country, this group is doing the best and that group is doing the best and women are doing the best and everybody is doing, and frankly, you know what it is? The whole country is doing the best, okay?. The whole country is doing the best. So, we have records on everything and yet they are trying to, and they really are, devastating, they are accusing me really of doing what joe biden admitted. How about this? They protect him. Did you see the comey debate? They are dying in the ratings, they are dying. While it is totally on supported. What is on supported? He is on tape saying that he's holding back 1 million dollars from ukraine unless you change the prosecutor. Well, how about that question, I actually used to like the guy. He was a nice guy to me but now I don't like him so much but that's okay. He goes, it is totally unsubstantiated, and I bet you're mercy that we're even ask you to bring up this question, President trump said you refused to give 1 million dollars of taxpayer money to ukraine unless they get the prosecutor to stop looking at your son and your son's company. And sleepy joe gives a sleepy answer, and that is the end of it. That is it, and then whatever bring it, up you ever noticed they always say they are totally unsubstantiated. He is on tape, if that were me, it is the electric chair. They would bring the electric chair back now, the guy is on tape and I always say it is unsubstantiated. It is not supported by fact, one of the other, day to finally change the wording. It is not supported by facts, no, it's supported by data. No, it's unbelievable, in many ways I would like to have him win because number one, is going to have to eventually answer that question -- she said he does not know where he is. That is the other problem, I have been doing this for a long time and I have much bigger -- and anybody in history, I see it against the fake news because, every stadium is packed, I give my people one instruction, get the largest stadium you can get. That is why I was little surprised, you don't have that many, right? You know I wanted to be here? First of all, the crowd is incredible, the crowd outside, but let me tell you, you know I want to be here? Because we have a lot of choices but I want to be here because this area supported me so overwhelmingly, and that's why I want to be here. Pretty simple. It's pretty simple I wanted to be here for that reason and I just want to say thank you because I will tell you what, I did not get 100% but we got a good percentage, right? We got a good percentage so, it is really thrilling to be here, but we are joined tonight by many to hurt republican leaders, your michigan house speaker lee chatfield, lee, come up if you want, to come, up what the hell, we have nothing else to do. Should be got him up? Yes, come up, lee. Come up, lee, got up here, come on up, leave. Republican party chairwoman ronna mcdaniel, who I spoke -- to the bottom line at the end of her story, and he said, he was going to head up the rnc. I said, i've got to get that women from michigan, and now we are going to win it by so much, every time a car plant opens, come on up, here lee, michigan gop chairwoman for, I hate to tell, you what all of your congresswoman, you know where they are right now, you're congressman, all of your Congress people, men, wonderful people, they are at least called Congress right now, they are doing an unbelievable job of supporting the President and supporting you, so, at the choice, sir, should relieve? I, said don't leave, stay right where you are. The chairman of the women's workers and workers for trump hat and a proud union auto worker telling bowman who, has been so terrific, thank, you come on up, and what Democrats are obsessed with impeachment we are focused on jobs, jobs, jobs, this group, local leaders, and all of you washington folks are right where they have to be in washington tonight, thank you. . John. Great job, thank you very much. We have eliminated more job killing regulations than any administration in history of our country, whether it is four years or eight years or in one case, much more than eight years, in a period of two and a half years, we have eliminated more regulations than any other President by far. You are saving almost 3000 dollars a year because of regulation, total income gains for median household will reach 10,000 dollars. I will give you a couple of quick numbers. So, under President bush, for eight years you save 450 dollars meeting, you took in 450 dollars. Okay, fine, under President obama, you took in 975 dollars. Under President trump, including the energy savings and the regulations savings and a tax cut savings, it is more than 10,000 dollars in less than three years. Pretty good, right? So, four to eight years, you had a four, hundred four, 50 and a nine 75. That is eight years, in less than three years you had more than 10,000 dollars, that goes right into your pockets. It is one of the reasons our economy is doing well because as they say, the consumer is doing better than they have ever done in that is great. That is what we want. We have ended the war in American energy in the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas. And these maniacs you want to close it up, how about going to texas? You know, beto, remember when he said, i, said oh, this guy is a, loser a great salesman, you never talk when you are great salesman. Not walk in and say, i'm a great salesman, and he guided does that, and how good, it is a quiet type to get you, you know, the ones that do not talk so beta, we first got, in remember those clouds? He gets in, no, he gets in, I was made for this job to run for President. After about two, weeks they killed him. He was gone, but you remember, he was against the bible? He was against religion? He was against guns, and he was against oil and gas, and he comes from texas and I said that as a platform -- think of it, he is against religion, he is against guns and against oil and gas, think of, it I don't like to bring it up because he has gone so pretty comes from texas, I said, abraham lincoln can't win in texas with that platform but they are, all of them, they want to close up your energy, it is a big deal, they want a close after stone mills, you don't want your steel mills, look at what I have done for steel, I mean, the steele is back, we tax all of the dump steel coming in from China and other places and your steel mills are doing great, they are expanding all over the country and then they're going to be out of business, where they were going, they were gone, United States still expanding billions of dollars on expansions, every major Democrat running for President has pledged to eliminate gas powered automobiles and destroy u. s. Auto industry forever. And you know why? Because they have these maniacs but say you've got to go all electric and I want to have an alternative, a big alternative, and you will always have the alternative, and allow people to know if the electorate can ever catch the gas, and by the way, there will be different forms of energy coming along, but I want to close them, off we are not close enough, we will have a lot of alternative so that you can have it for a lot of different reasons. We are even bringing back the old light bulb. You heard about that, right? The old light ball which is better I say, why do I always look so orange? You know what? Because of course -- you are many times more, like four times more and you know they are considered hazardous waste, when a light bulb is out, you've got to bring it to dump, so let's say over here in battle, creek where is your nearest down? Okay, that is what a couple of hundred miles away, to every time, couple hundred miles? I said, how many people do that? Nobody, what did they do? The throw in the garbage, but you know it is? Because it is all gas, it is much more expensive, for five times more, and I came into the, office I did a lot of this, syncs, showers, all of the stuff, I did a lot of, it no water comes out. You have areas where there is so much water you don't know what to do with, it you turn on the showers, do not like to have any water anymore. I mean, we do a lot of it. Dishwashers, we did the dishwasher, right? You press it, from the dishwasher? Repressive, boom, there would be like an explosion, five minutes later, he opened up, the steam pours, out the dishes, now you press it 12 times, women tell me, again, they give you four drops of water, and there are places where there's so much water they don't know what to do with it so we just came out the time the prison time just, by the way, by the time you press a ten times you spend more on water and electric, don't forget, the whole thing is worse because you're spending all that money on electric so we're bringing back standards and better machinery. , light, mobilize people complaining about the cost, and I said, tell me, what gives you better light? Well, we like the old leadbetter. I look at better and so what I did as you could have either one, if you want to buy the newer kind, you can, if you want to look very handsome a beautiful bye-bye in the older kind, like I do, so, we are bringing back the old lightbulb, so it is much less expensive, and probably gives you better light, but whatever it is, and you will be able to spend a lot less money for a light bulb, I mean, it sounds like a little bit it is big stuff, okay? It is big stuff. And we've been doing a lot of other things, dishwashers and I won't tell you one of the, things you know the one i'm talking about, right? Sinks? Right, showers? And what goes through the sink at a shower? Ten times, right? Ten times. Not me, of course not me, but you. Him. But I never mention that because one time I mentioned it, I said six showers and toilets, the headline was traveling with the toilet, they don't even mention them, so I did mention that, okay? I go off the record, but you know what? It is terrible. We want to wash your hands, you turn on the sink, no water comes down, to the water to go ten times long, it is the same thing. You have a shower, it is no good for me. For me, you know, the one thing that came out really good about me in this business they are here to say or her previous. It's okay, I know people who are peace, but they are used to say they don't say that anymore because i've been through the worst storms, if you wear one of the, suckers you've got to get it on fast because within two weeks they got, you're looking and, some don't worry about it, but in the last two decades before my election, we lost one in five auto manufacturing jobs in this country, the people are trying to impeach us for doing all the things they have wanted to do for so many years and that is why it is not where, we look so forward to it, and it is all about cleaning the swamp, draining the swamp and we have a very big day, dangerous swamp. Okay, that is enough of that. That's enough. So, among the very first act that I did was to stop the deal that would have dealt a death blow to the u. s. Auto industry. I withdrew from the horrible trans-pacific partnership that would have ended your auto investment. A lot of people don't know that, but I do. The trends -- remember tpp? We were basically seating our auto industry to these countries that were just going to rip us off, a people that made these trade deals it is, like where did they come -- like the one in korea. That was a heavily clinton special, she said, this will produce 250,000 new jobs and I said, well, what happened? They said well, she was right except it was for south korea not for us. It produced 250,000 jobs for south korea. He steals were so bad, but now they are getting really good and some of them are getting great in over a period of time they're going to be phenomenal. Wait until you see the numbers are coming out of this country over a short period of time. We have to go through a little pain because we have two, and then they all said, we are going to withdraw and they will say you can withdraw, I don't, care were putting tariffs in your country, and they said, we would like to make a deal, sir. The new usmca has powerful protections to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in michigan where they belong. The election we have, created 41,000 brand-new motor vehicle and parts jobs and -- manufacturing jobs. Remember the statement by President obama? You have to wave a magic wand? Remember the magic wand? Because manufacturing, you know, I said that sounds, nice what do you do we do have manufacturing? How do you make things? Pressuring manufacturers will not happen well, we have 600 manufacturing jobs and you will see a big, big increase. I mean, the truth is, we need more people, we need more people coming into the country and they're going to come in and they will coming through merit and they will love our country and respect our country and they're going to work. We do need more people. Their opening this massive foxconn in wisconsin, these massive plants, it is hard to get, people we want to come again, but they have to come in through merit. We had chrysler recently announced a 4. 5 billion dollar investment in michigan, including the first new auto plant in detroit in more than a generation, and General motors recently announced a 300 million dollar investments at its oregon assembly plant, come on, General motors, let's go. General motors gave us a hard time. It was not happy about that. It was the only building that a problem within the whole corridor, right? You know when i'm talking about. I did not like that. Anyways, they're spending money, what can I tell you? These companies are coming, a lot of the foreign companies are coming, and I say, we are trading with you anymore, because we had such big deficits with these countries, with japan, we had a 68 billion dollar deficit I said shinzo, it is, great premature japan, what he, said but nobody's ever asked us to do this I said, i'm asking you, and they are building many, many plants. They are building many plants now. The Japanese. After years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. Is that ok?. We were surrounded with globalists. You know, I think it is okay. You're gonna planned in some country that you've never heard of, they make your product, they send it, and in the meantime to close all the factories here. Were not doing that anymore. Those are global us. They think it is wonderful to have deficits. I. Don't think it is, great to know, those are globalist, the global star pass a. And no issue, how Democrats politicians will thoroughly betrayed the American people in immigration, and every Democrat running for President was to open the floodgates to unlimited refugees around the world, overwhelming your communities and putting our national security at grave risk, my administration has taken bold action to reduce the influx of refugees and we are making sure local communities like yours I have a much greater say about who gets admitted into your own neighborhoods. Some of these stories are so sad. Some of the stories are so sad. When it comes to setting immigration policy, we always remember the sacred truth, our first duty and our one true allegiance is to use, the American people, before anybody else. We must care for our own citizens first, democratic immigration policies are resulting in brutal assault and wicked murders against innocent americans. I don't know if you know it is happening. It is terrible, and we have moved out thousands and thousands of ms-13 thugs out of our country. And we have agreements now with guatemala, honduras, el salvador, you know, it is not used to take them back, if we had a murder and we said get them to hell out, you know, we don't really want them in our prisons to take care of them for 50 or 60 years, we want to bring them back, there would not take them, the planes used to go around and around, don't land, don't land, deals we worked out deals with every one of them, stopped giving them all the eight. You know, we are giving them all this money and then we said, we will not let you land, do not take them back, that's ok, 500 million we were giving. Them and now we get the five dollars, we give them nothing all of them said, we would love to have them back it is wonderful to have them back. In june, two illegal aliens entered industrial michigan, works convicted of statistically beating and stabbing a woman to death with a kitchen knife, then they had her body in a water drain, a criminal alien with two previous deportations was just arrested in michigan and convicted of brutally beating and strangling to death a single mother of five young children. It is happening all the time. Far left politicians support deadly sanctuary cities which deliberately released dangerous violent criminal aliens out of the jails and directly on your street. You know, we had a great election in north carolina recently as well, a great Congressman got elected just a few months ago, two great people and they got elected and they got elected because they said, that you talk with a fact of sanctuary cities and they have some horrible crimes happening from the sanctuary cities. As soon as I mentioned that, boom, there were not like rocket ships and they won their elections and it was great. . We say short it is a disaster, and let me tell you, the people of California do not like sanctuary cities either. They're stuck with them because of the crazy politicians. Earlier this, year authorities in the century jurisdiction of kent county michigan. Anyone know can county? They released an illegal alien charged with assault with intent to murder after he repeatedly and viciously stabbed a man in the head with a broken bottle. They let him go to roam free in michigan communities. If you want to end sanctuary cities in michigan, if you want to protect your families from criminal aliens. If you want to have a safe life, frankly, it is so crazy what they're doing, you would not even believe it, you have only one choice in 2020, you must vote republican. For more years, for more years, former years. The prize, as you know, you do have sanctuary cities in michigan, I was always surprised to hear, it but you have them. It is one of those progressive things. They think they're doing a wonderful favor for the world, and now we are getting these prosecutors that you, know you've heard of somebody, that could be two months, they think you don't even have to go to jail, what is going on is crazy. Thanks to our tireless effort to secure the border, illegal crossings are down 75% since may and we have endured catch and release. We have ended. We could've ended it so easy. It is called a loophole. You catch them, and then you release them into a country. It is what you had to do bylaw but if you don't do that they arrest a border patrol people. You believe this? The border patrol people were in more danger than the criminal aliens coming in, and some of these people are not good people. Some of them remember, the caravans coming up? To call them caravans? And they were interviewing the people, I will never forget, it won an Isis and, reporting our reporter, and what did you do?