ID: CSPANDT27420193
Title: President Trump Holds Rally in Green Bay, Wisconsin
Date: 2019-04-27

Unbelievable. Thank you, hello, green bay. Thank you. In the great state of wisconsin, home of the legendary green bay packers. There is no one I would rather be with than you, the hard-working patriots who make our country run so well. It is running right now, better maybe than it ever has. Thank you. The strength of our nation is found in the heart of our people. So true. Tonight, america's heart is with the victims of the horrific synagogue shooting in poway, California. Our entire nation mourns the loss of life, prays for the wounded. We stand in solidarity with the jewish community. We forcefully condemn the evil of anti-semitism and hate, which must be defeated. I especially want to recognize a certain off-duty border patrol agent who bravely returned fire and helped disrupt the attack and saved so many lives. Border patrol. I also want to thank mayor steve, we had a great conversation. And governor gavin newsom, had a great conversation. We stand together, we will all get to the bottom of it. We will get to the bottom of a lot of things happening in this country. Together, we are building a new chapter of American greatness. One founded on the idea that all citizens are entitled to live in safety, prosperity, and peace. This is an exciting time for our great country. This is an exciting time for America. Just yesterday, it was announced that the u. s. Academy grew, some people thought unexpectedly, not me. In fact, if we had the obama interest rates, low, almost nothing. Actually, nothing. If we had quantitative easing instead of tightening, we use this conservative approach, we would have been much higher than this. This is very high. Far greater. First quarters for the most part is the lowest quarter. We did 3. 2% in the first quarter. Gdp crushing expectations. Accelerating our economic boom. That was with the shutdown, a lot of different things, bad weather, everything you could imagine. 3. 2% in the first quarter. Usually the lowest and worst quarter. Prime minister abe, we are negotiating trade deals. Every country has been ripping us off for years. I like the prime minister. He is a friend of mine, but I said mr. Prime minister, we have to do something. For so many decades, we have been losing tens of billions of dollars to China and japan, india, name any country. We lost. We are not losing anymore. I said we have to do something. $68 billion in trade losses over the last four or five years. A year. We are renegotiating. I think he will be fair. And they are coming in, frankly, to michigan. They are coming back. They want to be back. To ohio, to pennsylvania, to north carolina, south carolina, florida, and what's the name of this special place? It's called wisconsin. They will be investing very shortly , and this started already , $40 billion, and it will be a lot more than that. The poverty rate for wisconsin families has reached the lowest rate in 22 years. She's gone. When it was found that I had more indian blood in me than she did, then it was determined that I had none, but I still had more. That was the end of her 32 years scam on colleges. Can you imagine any of those people doing what I am doing? There would be 200 people to show up, if they were President. If they were not president, nobody would show up. Is that right? I have to say, I was saying on the way over , tell me about bad weather. We may have to cancel. Are you crazy? Can you imagine? I learned this morning they thought you were going to have a big snowstorm, a big, big snowstorm. The people that get it wrong the most are the weather forecasters and the political analysts. They said this is a big, big storm. It is going to be hitting green bay. We may have to cancel. I said, like hell we are going to cancel. People were standing out 24 hours ago, 32 hours ago, outside. Who stood out there for 24 hours? Thank you, we love you. And you are rewarded with the best seats in the house. America's future has never been brighter. Yet the democrats, those very friendly people , in washington have never been angrier than they are today. You see, somebody else with a very low level of energy was supposed to be standing here instead of me. They wouldn't be in this room. I don't know, they got some problems, I would say that. But if you look two weeks out in 2016, I was going to rallies. We were doing five and six, like this, and there were thousands of people outside. We had 69,000 people sign up. What is this place, like 10 or 12 or whatever? Whatever it holds, we set the record. I just was told by the owners , where is the owner? Thank you. Thank you. It's always dangerous. He said, yes it is, sir. It is always dangerous, you ask that question. No, sir, I am dead. They will take that answer and it will be headlines. Thank you very much. You saved me. This is the record. We set records everywhere. And it is not me, it is a movement like we have never seen in the history of our country. But the radical, liberal Democrats put all their hopes behind their collusion delusion, which has now been totally exposed to the world as a complete and total fraud. The greatest political hoax in American history. It really has been. This witchhunt was never really just about me. It was always about stopping you, the millions and millions of freedom loving citizens who rose up on that incredible november day. Remember that day? November 8. And demanded a government that puts America first. And we are doing that with china, with india, with japan, with a great new trade deal that hopefully will get approved in the house. I hope they are going to approve it, because it is great for the farmers. Everybody wants it, everybody loves it. We are all signed up and getting ready in 30 days to put out the usmca. Like the song ymca. Usmca. That's with mexico and canada. It is a great deal and it is going to be very good for the that's what we want to do. [cheers] put a lot of pressure on your Congressman and your senators, because they have to ratify it, have to approve it. Frankly, with what you have today, maybe they would rather have us have a loss than do something that's good for the country, right? Because n. a. f. t. a. Is one of the worst trade deals ever signed in the history of our country. You look around wisconsin, but you still see the scars. Empty buildings. You got to new england, ohio, different places, nafta was a disaster. What we had, the one thing I wanted more than anything else, I want to make it almost impossible for a company to leave wisconsin and leave other states and go to mexico and other places, but go to mexico, fire its workers, open a new plant in mexico, hire other workers, and sell the equipment into the United States. I don't want that. And we're not going to do it. It makes it virtually not economically viable. That's what I want. It is going to be great. I hope we can get Congress to get it approved quickly, because it is going to be great for everyone in this room, and especially manufacturers and farmers, and people are not going to be firing people and moving their plants to other countries. [cheers] ring people and moving their plants to other countries. [cheers] politician. But remember that spell when everyone was leaving the country, going into mexico and canada, mexico and canada? Canada has been taking big advantage of your agricultural products. You know that. Let's sing o canada. We love the song. But I came up here a year ago, and I was with farmers, and they were selling specialty milk. 290% tariff. That means you can't sell it. That is essentially putting up a barrier. All those things are taken care of in this new deal, and you are going to be opened up. They don't love it, but it is going to be good for everybody. It is going to be good for everybody, and if they didn't approve, I would have put tariffs on their cars. I did not want to do it, but I said, if that's not going to happen, we are putting tariffs on the cars, and we will make more money. The farmers would not be helped so much, but you watch the company grow and prosper as you starve. That's no good. It's good for canada, mexico, good for us. We got to get Congress to approve it, so put a lot of pressure on those geniuses. [applause] that's going to be a great trade deal, and we are very close to making a deal with China. But who knows? I always say, who knows? Because who the hell knows? The deal is either going to be a great deal , it has to be. I told President xi, this has to be a good deal because we have been losing to China for many years. $500 billion a year. We have rebuilt China. We have given them , think about. They can say it is surplus, they can say it is deficit, call it whatever you , we were losing cash. Giving them 500 , how the hell can you do it? As prime minister abe said to me today, he said, nobody has ever talked to me this way. [applause] no, he said it. He said it friendly. He is a friend of mine. But he said nobody from this country, no president, has ever said this. Nobody talked about it. We lose billions a year. Japan, as an example, sells us their cars. The cars come in, no tax. They don't take our cars. Other than that, it is a very fair deal. [laughter] the cars come in, 2. 5%, but essentially no tax. Our agriculture, they don't wanted. We want to sell the agriculture. So they sell cars, we sell practically nothing. That's how we have these massive imbalances with so many countries. China is the big one, because with china, it is at least $375 billion a year deficit. Who the hell wants , who made these deals? Honestly, in all fairness to obama, this was him, but this was before obama, a long time before. This has been going on for a long time, and all I am telling you is if we don't make a deal, we are going to do even better. We have all the cards. We are the piggy bank that everybody is robbing. We are the ones, the piggy bank everyone is stealing from and taking advantage of. [applause] but no matter how hard they tried to stop us, they can't, because our love for America will always be stronger than a corrupt thirst for power. I tell you what , people say, oh, he wants to take over the country, he wants to extend, they don't believe I will be leaving in six years. He wants to extend, he wants to have presidency for life. These are sick people. I promise at the end of six years, I will be very happy, but you are going to be left with the strongest country you have ever had, I promise you. [cheers] you are right, usa. We love usa. That's what this fight is all about. We are taking on the failed political establishment and restoring government of, by, and for the people. It's the people. You are the people. You won the election. If you look at what's happened with the scum that's leaving the very top of government, people that others used to say, oh, these were dirty cops, dirty players. You take a look at what's going on. There's 21 of them already, and I am not even doing , they are leaving because they got caught like nobody ever got caught. [cheers] look at all those beautiful red hats, and some white ones. Look at that. That's a log of red hats. But you do have the white ones, too. And you have the black ones, too. And a lot of different hats. We have to make a decision. You want to make it tonight? We are doing great, the country is doing great, rebuilding our military, doing so many things. We have a decision to make. We may have the greatest cmn the history of politics, make America great again. Maga country. [cheers] went out and he said, I was beaten up by maga country. Can you believe it? That's a hate crime, right? He said he was beaten up by maga country. Turned out to be a total lie, but think of it. Maga, make America great again. By the way, I have to tell you that case in chicago is a disgrace to our nation. [cheers] so we have a decision. I really believe , and it has been said , make America great again, the greatest theme. Ronald reagan used, let's make a character great , let's make America great. Close, but not the same. The apostrophe is too complicated. He used it a little bit. We seriously used it. Maga. And maga we got for free, because my whole deal was make America great again. All of a sudden people started going #maga. But we have a choice to make and a decision to make. So very shortly we are going to say, you see what we did with our vets? We have choice. We have accountability. We have a lot of things. We have done so much. Our military is going to be very soon in great shape. We took 100% of the caliphate in Syria , everyone said, oh, you are never going to , [cheers] and by the way, and when some whack job that picks up something over the internet goes out and blows up a store and people get killed, I understand that happens, because these people are sick, they are demented. But we nevertheless in terms of a war, 100%. But you are going to have these cells and they are going to do damage and it's a shame and we have got to stop them. We have done a great job, but we got to be careful. These are sick, horrible human beings, if you even call them human beings. So we have got to be careful. When you see , and I say this because we have a massive television audience , did you ever see so many cameras? If somebody else were here, you would have about , like none. Like the academy awards used to be before they started hitting us and our ratings started falling like a rock. [cheers] so we have a choice to make. So make America great again. The problem is we have made America great very soon. We are going to have a couple of things to do. We should have had health care, but one man decided to vote against us at the last moment. [boos] even though he campaigned for eight years, repeal and replace, but that's ok. If we win, we are coming up with a great package of health care. We are going to be the party of health care. We are coming up with a great package after the election. We got to take back the house, win the senate, win the presidency. We got rid of the individual mandate. That was the worst part of obamacare. Here is our decision. Do we use, for the new campaign, which will be starting soon , we have the great sarah huckabee over here. [cheers] thank you, mr. President. Obviously I thought it would be warmer here in wisconsin, but it is pretty hot in this room tonight. Thanks for all the amazing things you have done for our country. Last near , last year on this night I was at a slightly different event. Not quite the best welcome. So this is an amazing honor. I am so proud to work for the President. They said he couldn't win in 2016, and he did. They said he couldn't make the economy better, and it is booming. They said he couldn't rebuild the military, and he has done it. They said there was collusion, and there wasn't. They have questioned him at every step and he has proven them wrong every time because of you. Thank you, mr. President, for leading our country. [cheers] she doesn't get it. She doesn't get it. She doesn't understand me, after all these years. She is becoming too popular. I'm jealous. Sarah, you're fired! She was wondering, what was that all about? She has been great, danske bank out and mike and the whole group and madeline, everybody. What a group. [applause] they are great people and they really love this country. They have been through a lot of phony stuff, the witchhunts. They have been through a lot. So we are delighted to be joint tonight by many incredible wisconsin republican leaders, a really great friend of mine, a man who is really the focus of what's going on in so much of washington. Very tough guy, very strong guide. I called him wisconsin tough. I don't know if you know it and I don't know if you appreciate it, but I am telling you he is really good. Rob johnson. [cheers] thank you, ron. Great job. He is doing a big job now, working on something that are very important. And members of Congress , brian style. Brian, thank you, brian. Glenn grothman. [applause] this guy. Every time I introduce him , I love champions. I don't care if it is in sports, I just like champions. He is your tree climbing champion. You know what i'm talking , for five years. And that is not easy. He would go up, he would come down. He said the hard part was coming down because you would get killed if you missed. For five years, he was the world champion. He is with us tonight, and he is our champion. He fights so hard. He is working on a reciprocal trade bill, so if somebody charges us a tariff of 100% or 50% or 25%, we say, thank you very much, we are going to have a reciprocal tax of 25% or 50% or 100%. [applause] what could be wrong with that? He is leading the charge and has tremendous enthusiasm, but he is a great guy , and he is a great champion , and his wife, by the way, is better than him , sean duff. [cheers] thanks, mike. And thanks also to wisconsin house majority leader, jim steinke. Thanks, jim. Oh, wisconsin. Senate President roger ross, senate majority leader scott fitzgerald, thank you. [cheers] these are great people. They have done so much for us. We have other leaders in the room, but we all know who they are. The republican party has been incredible. After just the first two years time, America is winning again, and America is respected again all over the world. No more games. All over the world. [cheers] since the election, we have created more than 6 million new jobs. Nobody would have believed that. If I said that when I came here often , I came here often. For member I came and they didn't like certain people that were with me. They booed the hell out of those people. But they liked me, that's all that matters. If I would have said, 6 million jobs we are going to create by this time , two and a half years. Can you believe how time flies? I said the other night, I remember the first night standing in my bedroom , I should say our bedroom , with our great first lady. I said, can you believe , first night. I said, here we are, here we are in the white house. Four years sounded so long away. Now four years is coming up. We are to end a half years, and no administration has done as much as we have, ever. [cheers] thank you. By the way, yesterday was our first lady's birthday. And people love her. We are about the same age, very close. [laughter] if I would have said that we would be creating 6 million jobs, people would've laughed. 600,000 manufacturing jobs. Remember, President obama said manufacturing jobs are gone. You need a magic wand. We found it. They are coming and they are coming fast. 2[applause] you know what is nice? I have a couple of friends here, they are pretty willful , wealthy people. To hell with them. I care about everybody. Do you know what I love? I love the fact that wages are rising faster for the lowest income americans. [applause] when they say it hasn't trickled down, the most successful are the lowest income americans. There is something great about that. People are now able to go out. We have veterans choice. We have employment choice. You had to stay in a job that you hated or you couldn't get a job. Now you have seven alternatives. You get a job that you love and you get much higher salaries. It's great. It's great. [applause] you heard me say this 100 times. I'll keep saying it. The unemployment rate for african americans, hispanic americans, and asian-americans have all reached their lowest level in the history of our country. [applause] remember this. If I make any mistakes, if i'm off by just a little tiny bit, those people back there will be headlines. Have to be very careful. Fake news. They are fake. They are fakers. [booing] we have cut 30,000 pages of job killing regulations from the federal register, that's an all-time record. It has never happened before. We passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in our nations history. Something that is very important to me, because of you, to keep family farms, ranches and small businesses together in the family. When you pass on and go to heaven so you can look down at these great children, if you don't like your children don't listen to what i'm going to say. [laughter] pres. Trump: on the assumption that you love your kids and your family, and you want to leave the farm , you remember what used to happen. The estate tax was 55%. They had to go out and borrow money. Sometimes, the land is worth more than the income and they couldn't do it. The banks fight them. That's not what they do for a living, the kids. They lose the farm. They lose the small business. We have eliminated the unfair estate tax or death tax on all of those people. [applause] zero. That's a good one. After decades of calamitous trade deals that strip away our wealth, literally stripped away the country's wealth and our jobs and so many other things. Took away our dignity. When great companies would leave the United States for another country because of stupid taxes, because of stupid regulations, because frankly in some cases, you have to have a little flexibility. There are other choices. Now the choices are going to be other states. They are going to become petition. You know what? Now America fought back. All of these companies are coming back into our nation again. They want to be where the action is. [applause] the era of economic surrender is over. That's what we did. You remember? When I was a civilian, when I had no idea I would be running for president, I had no idea. I used to say, what the hell is going on? In michigan, they gave me an award seven years ago. It was the man of the year in michigan. Do you people know what is happening? You are using all , losing all of your car companies. They are leaving to go to China. Do you know? This was before I was thinking about running for office. I've been saying it for 20 years. Now we've stopped it. Those companies are all coming back. [applause] when the wisconsin tempering industry was threatened, my administration took immediate action. We imposed tariffs on dumped foreign goods. We subsidized products. We saved countless temper jobs all across this great state. You know that. You know that, John. Big difference, right? You were losing a lot of jobs. They were taking the timber from other states and countries. Nope, not anymore. Before I took office, one of the greatest threats to the future of American manufacturing was the previous administrations trance pacific partnership. , transpacific partnership. You think nafta is bad? This would've made nafta look like a good deal. The tpp would've decimated u. s. Manufacturing and gutted america's auto industry. It would've got it , gutted the industry. They were dying to do this crazy deal. I also ended the paris accord. How was paris doing lately? How is paris? Sent all the money to countries that people had never heard of and raise their taxes. I ended that one. I thought I would take a lot of heat on that one. [applause] saved a lot of money and jobs. Saved a lot of businesses. When I and this accord, I didn't even take heat. My people understood it. It was a ripoff. It didn't allow us to use our wealth. Look at what is happening to other places where they are trying to do it. We have something we never would have been able to it here to the rules. They were so strict on us. China can sign rules. They are not going to be sued by greenpeace. If greenpeace goes to china, that's the end of greenpeace. You never see them again. [laughter] China doesn't care if they violate greenpeace. Some of these other wonderful environmental groups. The United States get sued. We adhere to these things. It's a little bit different. We would've lost our ass on that deal. That would've been a terrible deal. That's why I was willing to take the heat. There was no heat. I'm still waiting. I guess at some point they will bring it up. Bernie sanders will say, what. Take a look at paris on a saturday afternoon. How are they doing over here? The yellow vests, how are they doing? I don't think so. They are great friends of mine. In one of my first acts of presidents, I withdrew the United States from the disaster known as tpp. [applause] tpp, what a mess. That was another one of these deals that was set up for the strict purpose of taking wealth out of the United States for the benefit of those other countries. It was a one-sided were show. America will not be taken advantage of any longer. [applause] for years, we gave our nations free and unfettered access to our economy. They constructed massive barriers to American exports. You come in, take us, it's wonderful. We don't do that, we don't accept your product. As one example, we charge other countries zero tariffs on foreign paper products. When wisconsin paper companies exported abroad, they sent their product abroad, China charged us big tariffs. India charged us big tariffs. Vietnam charged us massive tariffs. Unfair. [booing] look at harley davidson. I met with them three years ago. One of my first meetings. The people were very nice. They were telling me, tough to do business. How are you doing in india? They don't do any business there. They weren't even complaining. India charged 100 , 100% tariff. When they send their motorcycles and make them to us, we charge them nothing. I called up the prime minister and said, unfair. He cut it 50%. I said that's not good enough. It's 50% to nothing. What we are doing is changing all of that stuff. Changing all of that. [applause] rapidly. That goes for military protection also. We are getting ripped. We are defending the world. We are defending wealthy countries. They can well afford to pay us. They have been getting this free military , or at least massive partial subsidies for so many years. It's a most like habit. It's more habit than anything else. There's one country, we lose $5 billion , I don't want to say it. I don't want to embarrass anybody. The last thing I want to do is embarrass somebody. We spent $5 billion in defending them. I said to the generals, how much do we spend? They say, $5 million. Very wealthy country. I said, how much do they pay? Sir, $500 million. They are rich. I called the country. Right? I called the country. We lose $4. 5 million for the privilege of depending , defending a country that is very tough on us. I called and said listen, no good. [laughter] they were in a state of shock. They never got a call like this in 25 years. I said, it's no good. We are losing $4. 5 billion. We can't do this anymore. He got very upset, angry. This is not fair. I said, of course it is fair. He said, well, we will give you 500 million more. Because the budget, you see, had already been set. I said, I want more. We argued. They paid us more than $500 million for one phone call. I'm not bragging. [applause] one call. Ron knows. One call. First call they have had in 35 years. One-sided, horrible deal. I said, I understand you have budgets. Next year, which now turns out to be in about two weeks, I said we will call you for much more. You have to pay. Not fair. We are defending you and you are rich. We can defend people that are not rich. They are being horribly treated, human rights and all this. That's different. These are rich countries. One phone call, we pick up $500 million. That's not terrible. We will pick up a lot more. Saudi arabia, very rich country. We defend them, we subsidize saudi arabia. They have nothing but cash. We subsidize. They buy a lot from us. $450 billion they bought. You had people wanting to cut off saudi arabia. They bought $450 billion. I don't want to lose them. The military, we subsidize saudi arabia. I called the king. I like the king. I said, king, we are losing our ass defending you and you have a lot of money. [applause] that's true. He said, why would you be calling me? Nobody has ever made such a call before. I said, that's because they were stupid. We are working a deal with saudi arabia. So many things. Honestly, it's easier than collecting $113. 57 from a tenant in a bad location in a , in new york city. It safer, too. It's easier. It's true. Enough of that. But it's true. We are getting ripped off. I'm all for Nato. We are paying for almost 100% of defending Europe. They are killing us on trade. The european union, the eu is killing us. We lost $181 billion and we are defending them for peanuts. Does this make sense to you? The international trade commission recently announced that under the usmca, American dairy exports are expected to surge to canada by more than 50%. We have to get the deal done. Ron, you have to get that deal done. [applause] got a get it done. In my first 100 days in office, I traveled to this very state to sign an executive order declaring that we will live by two simple rules. By american, hire American. Right here in wisconsin. [applause] well we are and leasing American economic renewal, the new agenda of the democratic party, radical, left. They should change that to: the radical left Democrat party. It will drive our nation into economic and financial ruin. They will take your guns away, too. [booing] nothing is more dangerous than the Democrats 'crazy immigration agenda. We are building the wall. We will have over 400 miles of wall built by the end of next week. , next year. [applause] we can get money for everything. They were willing to give me money for every single thing. I said, I don't need that much money. Give me money for the wall. We are not giving you anything for the wall. Politically, they don't like it. I went out and did it a different way. We have the money for the wall and we are building the wall. [applause] their entire party has been taken over by far left radicals who want to nullify and a race American borders. They want open borders. They want open borders. They want , they think that is going to be votes for them. These left-wing extremists don't believe America has the right to enforce our immigration laws or decide who gets to enter and remain in our country. It's not going to be that way. Think of border patrol. We apprehend 100,000 people. Do you know how much that is? Democrats want to allow totally unlimited, uncontrolled, unchecked migration, all paid for by you, the American taxpayer. [booing] and people can come into our country, we need people to come in. We have so many companies coming. They need workers. But they have to come in legally. They have to come in through merit. [applause] last month alone, 100,000 illegal immigrants arrived at our borders, placing a massive strain on communities and schools and hospitals and public resources. Like nobody has ever seen before. We are sending many of them through sanctuary cities. Thank you very much. [applause] what did they say? We want them. I said, we will give them to you. They said, we don't want them. Yet while liz burrell's preach open borders, they live behind gates and guards. They send their families to the best doctors and private schools. While pushing immigration policies that drain the public services. Everyday citizens depend on you. They depend on you, I depend on you. We can change our immigration laws. I used to say in 45 minutes, it's really 15 minutes. It's so simple. We need Democrats to vote on it. Otherwise we can't engage them. They don't want to. They don't want to give us a victory. We will take it anyway. We will take the victory anyway. They don't want to give us the victory on that issue. Number two, they don't mind open borders. "are bring tremendous crime. They don't mind crime. The border crisis is also driving and very strongly the drug crisis, the biggest crisis we have you , have. It's traffickers. Cartels traffic huge amounts of heroin, meth, cocaine and fentanyl. Drugs that claimed the lives of 90, maybe even 100,000 people per year. They ruin the lives and families of so many more. To confront the border crisis, I declared a national emergency. The good news is, everybody agrees. [applause] now everybody's with me. They look at those caravans, we just had a care of our , caravan of 20,000 people. I told mexico, if you let those people come through your country, we will close the border. We will close it. I don't care. [applause] they have to bring them back. They have to bring the back. Humanely. The flood of illegal migration is the direct consequence of Democrat backed policies that prevent border violators from being promptly returned home. They are late , allowed to stay in the country. Catch and release. You catch them. You have to release them. [booing] it is crazy. Congress has to fix these horrible immigration laws. We have to end human smuggling. Stop human trafficking. Shutdown sanctuary cities. Deport criminal aliens. Replace visa lottery and change migration with immigration systems based on skill and talent and merit. [applause] he'll do it. He'll do it. On issue after issue, the Democrat party has never been further outside the American mainstream. It's crazy what's going on with them. Do I look forward to running against them. [applause] we are going to rip down every single building in manhattan and building new building in its place. They have introduced a total federal takeover of u. s. Health care that would abolish the private health insurance of 180 million americans, many of you are in this room right now. [booing] they are aggressively pushing extreme late-term abortion, allowing children to be ripped from their mothers when writing till the moment of birth. [booing] great governor. He did a great job. He's got a big future. Your Democrat governor here in wisconsin shockingly stated that he will veto legislation that protects wisconsin babies, born alive. [booing] the baby is born, the mother meets with the doctor. They take care of the baby. They wrap the baby beautifully. Then the doctor and mother determine whether or not they will execute the baby. I don't think so. [booing] incredible. It's incredible. Until this crazy man in virginia said it, nobody even thought of that. Did anybody even think of that? Late-term. This is where the baby is actually born and came out it, it's there. That's it. [booing] Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, hoaxes, and delusions. The republican party is the party for all americans. That's what it is. It really is. Common sense. [applause] the party of common sense. We are the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream. We are the party of the second amendment. [applause] last month, I signed an executive order with charlie , where are you? Where's charlie? Where is he? He's like 14 years old. I can't believe it. [laughter] you be amazed. I was watching the other night the nfl draft. Can you believe it? It was the second draft choice. He gets out, he's going to be a great layer from ohio state. He's a maggot fan. He loves trump. [laughter] we have a lot of young people out there. You want to know the truth? I think we have more than they do. Who knows. I think we have more than they do. He's going to have a great career. Last month, I signed an executive order to defend free speech on college campuses. [applause] it's going to go down a lot more. It's a big deal. Not by much but it's always gone up a lot. 18%, 6%, 9%. It went down and it's going to keep going down. All of these very complex things we are doing are starting to kick in. Maybe on that one, we will work with the Democrats. They want to get it down. We will see if we can put it all together. Prescription drugs, look, it's a rigged system. If I told you how crazy it is, it's a web. You need 193 iq to understand. This web of geniuses put this thing to lower drug prices, 19 effects here. We got it down. We are getting it down. We have the best people. It's awesome. We might be able to get Democrat support. [applause] we are vastly expanding affordable alternatives to obamacare. We repealed obama cares unfair and unpopular individual mandate where you had to pay a fortune for the privilege of not having health insurance. That was very bad. [applause] the republicans are always going to protect pre-existing conditions. We are unleashing American energy and getting washington bureaucrats off the backs of everyone who enjoys our great outdoors. [applause] we've committed to providing , I think you will like this. Those great Congressman you have in this room are working hard. $300 million for the great lakes restoration initiative. [applause] i'm pleased to report that earlier this month, interlake steamship company announced plans to build the first great lakes freighter in 35 years, just north of your. Sturgeon bay. [applause] 35 years and that just means more jobs, more jobs, more jobs. To keep America safe, we are rebuilding america's mighty mite. We are rebuilding our military like never before in the history of our country. [applause] we are boldly defending American interest. Yesterday, I announce that my administration is einstein in , on signing the u. s. Arms treaty. We are un-signing it. We are pulling it out of Congress. All of you second amendment people, you know. You know what it means. You will be very happy with it. We will never allow foreign bureaucrats to trample on america's freedom. We will not allow it. [applause] what an impact that has had. When I first became president, I met with our great military people. We went over problems. One of the biggest problems was the renewal, Iran was all over the place. 14 different conflict zones. Yemen, syria, all over. What you do with these people? I withdrew from that horrible deal. They paid $150 billion to Iran. 1. 8 billion in cash. Probably for hostages. I got 22 hostages out. [applause] you know what? I put it out. Why not? You know. If you are not going to brag about it, no one else's. You might as well do it. Our ambassador , the pressed picked it up. They were saying, it's not true. He called them and said, it's true. Instead of saying, it's true. They stopped talking about it. Fake news. [booing] it would've opened in 25 years but I said to our great ambassador, one of the most successful lawyers in new york, he became ambassador to israel. I said, they want to spend $1. 1 billion. We can do it cheaper. They want to buy this piece of land in Jerusalem. Top dollar. I said, what can we do? He called me back and said, we have a piece of land that is much better. We have an old building. We are not using the building very much. We can renovate the building for $400,000. We will have a beautiful embassy in a better location. We can have it done in four months. Instead of 25 years. Here's your alternative. A building in a great location, in four months, for $400,000. All over a building that will pretty much never get built. Let's say 20 years. 1. 1 billion today, meaning $4 billion. A lousy location. It won't be as good as what we build. It's the first time ever done this. I said, david, it's too cheap. We have to make it more. It's true. Make it 500,000. It's true. [applause] it's open. We opened it almost a year ago. You know, in order, I have a very diverse guy who is proud of his office. He used to think it was stolen from Jerusalem. He considers it a treasure. Every time I go in he says, look at my beautiful stone from Jerusalem. We are building a building in Jerusalem. I said, do me a favor. By Jerusalem stone. You are right there. We got it so cheap, you wouldn't believe it. The whole building is made practically of Jerusalem stone. Beautiful. It's beautiful. We got it open in four months. Instead of 20 or 25 years. We think at least 1. 1 billion. It's a great embassy right now. It's a great thing. Great. Weeks ago I announced that the United States will recognize israeli sovereignty over the golan heights. [applause] that has been under consideration for 52 years. For 52 years, they told me they have been studying it. They had many meetings, summits, people coming from all over the world. Talking about the golan heights. And then they would leave. This is very important strategically for victory. Heights. 52 years ago, it started. I did it that quickly. Done. It's all done. [applause] we also recognized the legitimate government of venezuela. We strongly condemn the socialist brutality of the maduro regime. You see what socialism does. That was one of the wealthiest countries in the world. Now it is one of the poorest. To those who would try to oppose socialism in our country, we see nothing but trouble. We see nothing but poverty. We will say again tonight that America will never be a socialist country. Ever. [applause] a hell of a crowd. Saturday night, we are having a good time. You know my? We are talking about a subject that we love. The United States of America. Right? [applause] each of us in this arena is united by the same timeless values. We believe in the American constitution. We believe in the rule of law. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and broker see, are the true American way. [applause] these are the traditions, customs and principles that unite people all across this beautiful status with , state of wisconsin. They bind us together as citizens, patriots and americans. You joined our movement, the greatest movement in the history of our country, because you rejected the failures and the trails of the past. You were betrayed. You were betrayed. You were betrayed by dishonest people, by stupid people. You stared down a corrupt system that enriched itself at your expense. You protected your family. You defended your dignity. Your he captured your destiny. You took back your country with that great election. [applause] every day between now and november 2020, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting. We are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, winning. We are going to win. Remember. I used to tell you about winning. We are winning. We are respected again. [applause] I have to say, every leader, without fail, that comes to see me in the oval office all say, congratulations. It's incredible what has happened to the United States. I'm not just talking about economically, which is tremendous. We have created $12 trillion of value since the election. 12 trillion. [applause] they were taxing us. If somebody else were in this position, they would've caught us already. They are not catching us now. We are way out in front. With every last ounce of heart and hope and sweat, we are going to make our stand. We are going to stand for liberty. We are going to stand for justice. We are going to stand for freedom. We are going to stand for the sacred rights given to us by the hand of almighty God. We are one united movement, when united people. One United States of America. Together with the great and proud people of wisconsin, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. We will make America great again. Thank you, wisconsin. Thank you.