ID: CSPANDT28320192
Title: President Trump Rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan
Date: 2019-03-28

I'm proud to be an American and I won't forget the men who died who gave their lives to make and I gladly stand up next to you and defend her to today because there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa (music) (music) (music) from the lakes of minnesota to the hills of tennessee across the plains from sea to shining sea from detroit down to houston and new york to l. a. Where there is pride in every American heart and it is time we stand and say that i'm proud to be an American where at least I know i'm free and I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me and I gladly stand up next to you and defend her to this day because there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa and i'm proud to be an American where at least I know i'm free and I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me and I gladly stand up next to you and defend her to today because there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa (music) (music) thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Thank you very much, grand rapids. It is great to be back. Right here in america's heartland. You know that, right? With the hard-working patriots from the great state of michigan. [applause] by the way, we are bringing a lot of those car companies back. Remember I told you? They are coming back. They are pouring back in. They are coming back fast. This has been an incredible couple of weeks for America. The economy is roaring. The Isis caliphate is defeated 100%. And after three years of lies and smears and slander, the Russia hoax is finally dead. The collusion delusion is over. The special counsel completed its report and found no collusion and no obstruction. I could have told you that 2. 5 years ago very easily. Total exoneration. Complete vindication. You know, it's interesting, robert mueller was a God to the democrats, was a God to them until he said there was no collusion. They don't like him so much right now. The crazy attempt by the Democrat party and the fake news media right back there , [crowd booing] and the deep state to overturn the results of the 2016 election have failed. The greatest election that we have had in a long time, maybe right from the beginning. [crowd changing "trump"] , [crowd chanting "trump"] this was nothing but an effort to sabotage the will of the America. This is the one , we want ourselves. And that's what we got. We came from all over to vote. They are never taking it away from us. Never. Our movement against the corrupt media , and it has never been more corrupt than it is today. And many special interests. That is why they tried to do everything possible to take us out. But we are very tough to take out, aren't we? Very tough. The Russia witchhunt was a plan by those who lost the election tro try an , to try and illegally regain power by framing medicine americans, many of them. An elaborate hoax. They wanted to destroy a movement like our country is never seen before. It's true. Never seen before. And believe me, if these people thought that was not true, they would be right again. They have never seen anything like it. Nobody has in this country's history and in most country's histories there has never been anything like what we did in 2016 on november 8. [cheers and applause] we defeated a very corrupt establishment and we kept our promise to the American people and it is driving them crazy. None our movement and our country are thriving. Their fraud ahs been exposed and the krill ability , the credibility of those who pushed this hoax is forever broken. And they have now got big problems. [cheers and applause] and the harm done to our country, think of what they have done. Think of the time wasted. And yet despite this terrible cloud, this phony, corrupt, disgusting cloud, we have done more together in the first two years than any administration in the history of our country. [cheers and applause] and this group of major losers did not just ruthlessly attack me, my family, and everyone who questioned thei r lies. They tried to divide our country, to poison the national debate, and to tear up the fabric of our great democracy, the greatest of anywhere in the world. They did it all because they refused to accept the results of one of the greatest presidential elections, probably number one, in our history. Many, many people were badly hurt by this scam. But more importantly, our country was hurt. Our country was hurt. And they're on artificial respirators right now. They are getting mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. Little pencil neck adam schiff. [crowd booing] he has the smallest, thinning neck I have ever seen. He is not a long ball hitting. I saw today, well, we do not really know, there still could have been some Russia collusion. Sick. Sick. These are sick people. And there has to be accountability, because it is all lies. And they know it is lies. They know it. They know it is. Jerry nadler, I have been fighting him. For many years he was the Congressman from manhattan. I have built great things in manhattan. I have beat him many times and now I have to come here and beat him again. Can you believe it? I won every record in the history of the trump organization. Nothing. We will find something somewhere along the lines. A mistake must have been made. These people are sick. [cheers and applause] the cricket journalists , crooked journalists, the totally dishonest tv pundits. By the way, they know it is not true. They just get great ratings. By the way, their ratings dropped through the floor last night, did you see that? [cheers and applause] and our friends, tucker, shawn, laura, through the roof last night. And all the current and former officials who paid for, promoted, and perpetuated the single greatest hoax in the history of politics in our country. They have to be , I am sorry, they have to be accountable. [crowd chanting "lock them up"] just think of it. A fake, dirty dossier, millions and millions of dollars paid for it. By who? Crooked hillary clinton, the dnc, in the democratic party. Think of it. But they failed. They failed in one way. Can you believe it? Maybe I got lucky. Maybe I got lucky. Because the fake news, they would not put it on. Even they did not believe it. Think of it. They spent millions of dollars, and the deal was they would get it published or printed, all of these horrible lies, all now exposed as fake. They were going to get it printed just before the election, and they could not get any of the media to printed. Thank you very much, you appreciate , I appreciate it. You never know. You never know. You lose a few votes and that could be the difference. But they would not printed. , print it. So on that score, I give the media a lot of credit. It came out after the election and evelyn had a big, fat yawn. And I heard about Russia. I would be hearing, they say something about Russia. Russia? What does that have to , this went on. All of a sudden I hear, review involved with Russia? I said Russia? What the hell does Russia have to do with my campaign? It's true. Russia? Russia? You know, I go up to wisconsin, where she did not go. Many years, decades since a republican won. Although bill clinton said he was in wisconsin, you better get up there, there are a lot of trump/pence signs. You better get up there, darlin'. They said no, don't worry about wisconsin, the poster say we are doing great. They don't go to a place called michigan. Have you ever heard michigan? [cheers and applause] man bill clinton said I was in michigan, you better get to michigan, it is not looking good. They have so many of those damn signs. Everywhere I looked there is a sign. No, michigan has not been lost in decades by the dems. By the dems. Hasn't been lost. And if you remember, this was my last stop. [cheers and applause] this was it. And I will never forget. This was spur of the moment. Because I heard crooked hillary and bill, barack obama and michelle , [crowd booing] they were all added , headed here at the last moment. They had a tiny little crowd, and I would like to say I had more than this, but every seat is gone and outside you have 25,000 people. [cheers and applause] and I remember leaving and I said, so she has 500 people and I had 32,000 people, including the people outside. I will tell you, we have more tonight because outside we have even more than we did then. [cheers and applause] and I started speaking at 1:00 in the morning. So it is now election day. I actually said, am I allowed to do this? It is 1:00 in the morning. When I heard she was coming a said, you know what, what the hell. It was spur of the moment, last second. We called and we had 32,000 people. She had a small crowd. I said so let me ask, so she is here in primetime, 7:30. I am here at one in the morning. She has 500 people and I have 32,000. You explain, why am I going to lose michigan? Why? Why am I going to lose michigan? Why am I going to lose the great state? I was asking my people. I get home at 4:00 in the morning and I told our great first lady, soon-to-be first lady, and she is doing a great job because I love her. I said I had this incredible crowd and I did not start speaking until 1:00 in the morning. I said how the hell can I lose michigan? And guess what? We did not lose michigan. [cheers and applause] and you know what? We did not lose wisconsin, either. And the fact is we won a lot of places that night. We won pennsylvania, south carolina, north carolina, florida, iowa, you better believe iowa. We love iowa. We won a lot. We won 306 to 223. Would you say that is good? Remember, they said there is no way , the day of the election I am saying this is pretty lousy. It is all fake news. They are trying to put it in your head. They are going there is no way to 270. In other words I needed to 72 win. , I needed 270 to win. On cnn, there is no way , there was no red. They were dying. There is no way to 270 for Donald Trump. It will be a very short evening for Donald Trump. Just no way. And they were right. We did not get 270. We got 306, ok? But in this country , [crowd chanting "four more years"] but in this country, we cannot criminalize political differences. Political differences. We do not abuse the law enforcement and intelligence power to target our political opponents, where they spy on me. Whoever heard of this? They spied on me. They spied on my campaign. Who would think that is possible? The single greatest political hoax in the history of our country. And guess what? We won. It's a beautiful thing. It's a beautiful thing. We love to win. They tried to take something great away from people who came from all over. I always say they came from the valleys, they came from the mountains, they came out of the damn rivers. I don't know what you were doing in the rivers. But they came and they did not even know these people existed. They are hard-working, they are successful, they are the smartest, the toughest, the most loyal people. They are. They are the smartest. Remember this about yourself. The elite, the elite. I always said, I said it here last night. I always say, they say the elite. They are the elite, I am not. I have a better education than them. I am smarter than them. I went to the best schools, they didn't. Much more beautiful house. Much more beautiful apartment. Much more beautiful everything. And I am President and they are not. And then they say, the elite, the elite. They are not elite. You are elite. We are the elite. I get a kick. So and so, this elite. Then you see this little guy, this schlepper. You are smarter, you are sharper, more loyal, a hell of a lot tougher, a hall , hell of a lot tougher. We cannot have two different standards of justice in this country, one where the left-wing radical establishment can get away with anything they want. [crowd booing] but you know, I have to tell you, I said it last night. We have some great friends in the media, too. You look at rush and sean and laura and steve and tucker and janine. Janine is back. Going to be back on saturday night. Right? And even greg likes me now. He started a little slow but he likes me. But we have a lot of great support. We have a lot of great support. Far more than you think. But where we really have the support are the voters that pulled the handle or whatever the hell they are pulling, they are pulling it for us. The Russia hoax proves more than ever that we need to finish exactly what we came here to do. Drain the swamp. [cheers and applause] partisan investigations, or if they will apologize to the American people and join us to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure, bring down the cost of health care and prescription drugs, which we are doing incredibly. Help us fix our broken trade deals, which are coming along really well. We have our team right now in china, they just arrived. China. China. We have gone up, they have gone down, but we want them to be happy and healthy. China. And by the way, we are building that wall. We are building that wall. Building. [cheers and applause] we had to go down and little bit of a different path but that is ok. National emergency it is. If you look at the border and you look at the hundreds of thousands of people that are invading, or at least trying to invade our country, you would know that we need it. And we are building it and we are building a lot faster. And better. And better. It is better, it is faster, and it is less expensive. And it is also much more beautiful. And we are building it very rapidly. We have renovated vast amounts of wall. A lot of it was in bad shape. We renovated it for $. 25 on the dollar. That is ok, too, right? The fake news does not want to give us any credit for renovation. They say, even if you rip it down and build a brand-new wall where the wall was, they call that a renovation. That is not a renovation to me. That is not. They do anything they can , it should be schiff. They do whatever they can to sort of make it look not so good. We are really doing well, but we have a problem. Our country has never done better economically, and people are trying to get in. And they have to come in legally and they have to come in based on merit. Based on merit. Despite all that we have been forced to endure every day, we are working and fighting and winning. Remember that. Because we are making America great again, and we are making it great for all americans. All americans. [cheers and applause] maybe the only time I have ever agreed with the mayor of chicago. Maybe. That is a terrible situation. That'as an embarrassment not only to chicago, that's an embarrassment to our country, what took place there. Remember that. But they are looking at it. So we are delighted to be joined this evening by some really incredible people, people that love you. Members of Congress. Where is bill? Bill huizinga, where is he? Where the hell is he? What, you didn't get a very good location. You did not get a great location. But we have some news. John moolenaar. Thank you, John. And jack bergman. Thank you, jack. So, here's something good. You ready? In honor of those guys and some of your other representatives and all that we think are fantastic, we have some breaking news. You ready? Can you handle it? I don't think you can handle it. I support the great lakes. Always have. They are beautiful, they are big, very deep, record-deepness, right? And I am going to get, in honor of my friends, full funding of $300 million for the great lakes restoration initiative. Which you have been trying to get for over 30 years. So, we will get it done. We will get it done. It is time. [cheers and applause] it is time. You have been trying to get it over 30 years. I would say it is time, right? Also, and as you know, this one we have already pretty much locked up. You understand that? Because we are very close to getting started on the beautiful new sue locks that people have wanted to build for a very, very long time. We are very close to finishing that one off. And by the way, don't let your new Democrat governor , [crowd booing] don't let any of our people that fight us all the way, now that we have it, take credit for it. You are too smart for that. We are also joined this evening by the speaker of the michigan house, lee chatfield. Thank you. Thank you. A person who is doing a fantastic job, gop chairwoman laura palmer. And a woman you know very well. She headed up michigan. They said she was wasting her time. Trump is never going to win michigan. But I said I am going to bring back your auto business, remember? And I did. And I did. And when we won I said who is that woman? None see her. And we put her in charge of the rnc, republican national committee. Rhonda mcdaniel. And a friend of mine, he is very shy but he is very rich. He should not be shy. He is one of the biggest builders and real estate people in the world. One of the biggest owners , I should not introduce him because you will not like him because he is a big owner of property, but you own property, he just owns more of it than you do. And he is a great guy and he has been with me from the beginning. Stanley shaira. Stanley. Those big, beautiful buildings in manhattan. You know those big, beautiful buildings? Hey stanley, how much did you make this month? Stanley is a great guy. He loves you and he has been with us from the beginning. And we have had a lot of people with us. We have had a lot of support. In the last two years we have embarked on an unprecedented economic revival. Unprecedented. America is now the hottest economy anywhere on the planet earth. There is nobody close. [cheers and applause] since our election win, the stock market is up almost 50%. You are looking like geniuses with your 401(k)'s, right? Your wife or your husband is saying darling, you are such a great investor. How are we doing? We are up 67%. Oh darling, you are so brilliant. Your whole life you have been criticized by her or him. All of a sudden they think you are the single greatest investor. Thank you, darling. By the way, if you want to see those 401k's and all the stocks, do you want to see them deflate? Put a good socialist in this position. Go get yourself a good socialist. You will see some deflation. You will see a nice deflation of your stocks and your bonds and your 401(k)s. We have created since my election, 5. 5 million new jobs. No one would have thought that was possible. Including 600,000 , remember, this could not happened. You would need a magic wand. Brand-new manufacturing jobs. How did that happen? It was going down. 600,000. And it is going to be increasing by a lot because you have a lot of companies pouring into michigan and your other great states. Lots. More manufacturing jobs, in fact, were created in 2018 than any year in more than 21 years. That's not bad. That's not bad. And that's not even one of our better statistics. That is actually like at the bottom of the pack. Can you believe it? After years of stagnation, wages are rising fast. You remember I used to say that people made more money 21 years ago? All the time. And they had one job. This is two, three years ago, than they did working two and three jobs now. But now wages are rising. You have your choice of jobs. Like I got choice for the veterans, we also got veterans. We have also got choice for the people wanting jobs. [cheers and applause] so wages are rising substantially for those people, you are doing great. But they are also rising most quickly for the lowest income americans. First time in decades. [applause] here is the statistics that I love. Blue-collar jobs recently group at the fastest pace in more than 30 years. Who would've ever thought, right? 30 years. And unemployment has reached the lowest rate in 51 years, and soon it will be in the history of our country. [cheers and applause] you remember, I used to say, would you have to lose? What you have to lose, right? And I got criticized, you shouldn't say that. And I said, it is true, it is unfair, it is important to me. African-american unemployment, hispanic American unemployment, asian American unemployment and unemployment among all americans have all reached the lowest rate ever recorded in the history of our country. [cheers and applause] the fake news, they said, he will not do well with women. Maybe they didn't want to say that they liked me, to be honest, that I can understand. And then the election came, and they said, whatever happened to the fact that he wasn't going to do well with women? Because we did really well with women anna: right , well with women, right? Remember when I was sitting back, couple of them were crying? Remember, one of the true killers, she was crying, not from happiness. But we did great with women. We did great with women. And I think we are going to do better with women now, because I produced , because women filled more than 50% of all new jobs created last year. [applause] think of back, 60%. That means the men, better get moving, folks. They are being you pretty good, men. 60% of all new jobs, that is an incredible number. We cut the greatest number of regulations in two years in the history of our country. Not for two years, in the history of our country. [applause] that is one of the things helping us with the jobs. And the united states, people don't even believe this, it all happened very recently, is now the number one oil and gas producer in the world. [applause] number one. And by the way, Russia is not happy about that. But they are fine. There are doing just fine. But they are not happy about that. If hillary got in, you wouldn't have that stat, I can tell you that. You would be doing windmills. Hmm, and if it doesn't blow, you can forget about television for that night. [laughter] darling, I want to watch television. I am sorry, the wind isn't blowing. [laughter] I know a lot about wind. I know a lot about wind. We passed massive tax cuts, the biggest in the history of our country. [applause] and very importantly for those people with small farms, businesses, we got rid of the death tax, the estate tax. [applause] so now, when you beat your form or small business to your children under the assumption that you like your children, some people don't. Some people say, I wouldn't leave it to them under any circumstances, I can't stand my kids. But for those of you who do, which I assume is hopefully a vast majority, you don't have an estate tax to pay, they don't. So they can take over your farm, they can take over your businesses, they don't have to mortgage it to the hilt, and then the bank comes years later and takes it away from your kids. No taxes. [applause] we eliminated the obamacare individual mandate. [applause] the most unpopular part of it. And we will hopefully in the court, in texas, you heard that we won the case, know it has to be appealed, and then we will go to the United States supreme court, we have a chance of killing obamacare. We almost did it but someone surprised us with a thumbs down. But we will do it a different way. But we got rid of the individual mandate where you are forced to pay a lot of money for the privilege of not having to buy bad health care. Not too good. So we will get rid of obamacare. And I said if the other day, the republican party will become the party of great health care. It is good, it is important. [applause] and we have created new options to help americans purchase affordable half lands all across state lines, you know how options you would have never had. The Democrats are pushing socialist government-run health care about that man's health insurance for 100 million americans. A lot of you have private plans, and they are great. They want to take that away, and that a thing that is going to work too well. Republicans want you to have affordable plans that is just right for you, and by the way, you can use your doctor, remember that? That was a lie. 28 times he said, that was a lie. You get cheaper premiums and much lower to dr. Most. The deductibles on obamacare , much Lord adoptable pets , much lower deductibles. The deductibles are so high on obamacare that you don't get to use it until a real tragedy heads. You are in a position where you are like, who cares about this adaptable? Let's see if I can live. We believe no one in America should be bankrupted with health care costs, and that is what is happening with obamacare. And remember this, it is very important. Speaking for the republican party, we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. Always. Always. My administration has also begun the bold initiative to reduce the price of prescription drugs and in 2018, drug prices saw their first decline in 46 years. First time. [applause] and they will be coming down a lot. This is the first time in 46 years that prescription drugs came down, even stanley likes that, because he needs plenty and then we passed v. a. Choice and v. a. Accountability for our amazing veterans. [applause] our amazing veterans. They have been trying to get be a choice were over 40 years , they have been trying to get v. a. Choice for over 40 years. Now instead of waiting in line for one day, one weeks, two months, people who were ok but not feeling well, wait so long that they become terminally ill, there is no reason for it. None they go outside, they see a private doctor, we pay the bill and they get better quickly. [applause] and, for 46 years, v. a. Accountability , you can fire anybody in the v. a. . We had sadists. They took advantage in so many ways of our great veterans. They were rough. In prime time they would say, I don't want to touch you. I am not going to play. They took advantage of people that are our great heroes, that protected us, and you couldn't fire them. They stole, they robbed, you can fire them. It didn't matter what they did, you couldn't fire them. Call it accountability. We past seven months ago today, v. a. Accountability. You heard that. You stole from us, guess what, bill, you are fired. You are fired, get out. [cheers and applause] and to give former prisoners a second chance, finally send groundbreaking criminal justice reform into law. They have been trying to do that for so many years. So many years. Very unfair. And by the way, some of the people that most supported it are the most conservative people you have ever seen. All sides. Very bipartisan, believe it or not, for a change. We are pushing and pursuing all these commonsense policies to advance the common good for our citizens. Democrats are pushing a cynical and instructive agenda of radicalism , senegal and distractive , cynical and destructive agenda of resistance. What the hell? Let's get something done, right? Resist. Resist. [cheers and applause] resist. And then you look and they have a phrase called "resist. " you say, what the hell does that mean? We want to do legislation. So many things we could be doing together. The Democrats are now advancing an extreme $100 trillion government take over called the green new deal. [crowd booing] because I love campaigning against the green new deal. I want them to make that a big part of their platform. No more airplanes, no more cows. [laughter] one car per family, you're going to love that in michigan. How do you like that, one car per family? [crowd booing] you know, I don't think one car per family in michigan plays too well, do you agree? [crowd booing] not too well. And it has to be, of course, an electric car it only goes, what, 160 miles. What do you do? It is 160 miles, darlin', where do I get a charge? Where do I get a charge, darlin'? No, we want people to live a great life. We want people to make those cars and we want all these companies to keep coming to michigan and all the other great states, and building those. [applause] we had a problem because when they didn't want to airplanes they were saying, how do you get to Europe? Nobody knew. How do you get to australia? Nobody knew. But they are working on it. Then, they were interviewing this woman from hawaii, the senator, the one that was so vicious about justice gorsuch and justice kavanagh. Remember? By the way, do we love justice gorsuch, and do we love justice kavanagh? [cheers and applause] she was so vicious to both. And these are great people. She was vicious. She didn't know about the green new deal. And they had her. She is from hawaii. What do you think about the green new deal? Well, I like it very much. But she never saw it. Then they said, but you can't fly anymore. And she is in hawaii. [laughter] she said, but how would I get to my island? They said, we are working on some kind of a train system. [laughter] so she said, ok, well then, I am for it 100%. It is the craziest thing I have ever seen. They want to rip down all the buildings in manhattan and rebuild them. Let's do that. Hey, stanley, how do you like that idea? I don't think stanley likes that idea. It is the craziest thing. I get attacked so violently , pocahontas. [laughter] [crowd booing] and I knocked her out of the race, I guess. And they said. , I said, that is too early, I start about five months from now. We've got plenty more to knock out, that's right. They keep coming, they just keep coming. Before I took the oath of office, the u. s. Automotive industry was decimated. It was going down, and you people do it better than everybody else. We lost one in four auto manufacturing jobs over the last few decades. Think of it, one in four. I think the numbers were worse than that, and so do you. But from the moment I entered the white house, my first meeting was a meeting with car executives. I said, what do we have to do to get your business going? We talked about cafe standards? Where they wer choking their engines, costing a lot more to make cars. We took historic and dramatic action to save the American auto industry and to defend American auto workers right here in michigan. [applause] and just in the last very short period of time, we have added another 6000 vehicle manufacturing and auto parts jobs in michigan alone, and prevented thousands more from being shipped overseas and from going to mexico. They can't do that anymore. Can't do that anymore. Sorry, mexico. We want them to give us a little more help of the border. Mexico has the toughest immigration laws in the world. We have the worst, because the Democrats put in things that are so bad, so bad. Catch and release. You catch them and then have to release them. Who fish think of it. Visa lottery. You are in the lottery system. From these countries, you pick up a name. Oh, isn't that nice, but guess what, you think they are giving us their best people? No, they are not come they are giving us their worst people, and so would you, and so would I. We have nothing but bad coming out of those laws. But you know the good thing about what is happening, the rush to the border. Another two caravans now are pouring up. Mexico could stop them, so easy. And you know what, if they don't, it will cost them a whole lot of money, honestly. [applause] and if they don't, and I am telling you right now, we will close the damn border. [cheers and applause] [chanting u. s. a. ] I don't know if you know it or not, michigan, but mexico took about 30% of your car business. Not when I was here. When I am here, they are not. It is going the other way. And we close the border. That means we are not taking those cars to our country. That means you will make more cars here in the good old usa. That is what that means. Very simple. So very simple. People try and make it too complicated. One of the gravest threat to the survival of the u. s. Auto industry was the job killing , sovereignty-wrecking trans-pacific partnership. That is what one of my very first acts in office was to withdraw our country from the horrible, potentially disastrous trade deal and stop the off shoring of , the offshoring of michigan jobs. Saved a lot of jobs. That would have been a disaster. N. a. f. t. a. , that was a beauty. Your empty factories have still not recovered from n. a. f. t. a. . Well, nafta is going to be a thing of the past. Soon. [applause] or we will just go to pre n. a. f. t. a. . We had a huge surplus of mexico. We lost over the last 27 years with mexico, over $100 billion. Before n. a. f. t. a. , we made $40 billion to $50 billion. That doesn't sound like a very good deal. Now it is a hard thing for the Democrats to give us a victory. Let us see if they will raise their hands. If we don't go to n. a. f. t. a. , we will go to pre n. a. f. t. a. . That is ok with me. A short time later I travel to detroit to cancel burdensome regulations that harm the motor city. We renegotiated the u. s. -korea trade agreement to double American auto exports to korea. We doubled them. They weren't happy about it. [applause] and to stop the cheap, foreign pickup trucks from coming into the market. Because we have a chicken tax, a tariff of 25%, our cheapest market. Because they can't come in here and take away your businesses and take away your jobs. They were thrilled, but that is ok. Under my administration we live by two simple rules, by American and hire American , buy American and hire American. [cheers and applause] and we are already seeing the results. Since the election we have created more than 55,000 brand-new motor vehicle and auto parts jobs in our country. 55,000. Fiat-chrysler just announced a $4. 5 billion investment in michigan, including the first new auto plant in detroit in over a generation. [cheers and applause] and they are going to be investing in our country, searching for $5 billion over a very short. Of time , over a very short period of time. And ford has just announced a one billion dollar investment of just outside of chicago as well as additional $900 million going right here in michigan. [cheers and applause] and I have been a little disappointed with them because everyone else's coming in, but General motors just announced a $300 million investment at its assembly plant here in michigan. Right now. But I am also fighting with General motors and the u. a. w. To take action on plants in lordstown, ohio, get the damn plants open. Everyone else is coming in. Get them open now. It is companies like chrysler, ford, toyota, volkswagen, all investing heavily in America and heavily in the state of michigan. We think General motors will soon be doing the same, I really do believe it. They went before my time. They went to china, they spent a lot of money building stuff. They want to mexico and spend a lot of money building stuff. That is not helping us much. We think they will come around. As we protect our jobs, we are also protecting america's borders. We are taking on the extremists, and they are really radical, radical extremist Democrats who want open borders and crime, because that is what happens. Open borders and crime. [crowd booing] last month alone, more than 76 thousand illegal immigrants arrived at our borders to be apprehended. We have to apprehend them. Think of that. 76,000 people, many of which are rough people. I am being nice. They will criticize me, they will say, how dare he say that? But we have people that have criminal records, we have a lot of problems. We apprehend them, we capture them. Do you know how tough the job is, border patrol? That guy would like it. Some people would like it. They love it. They are great American patriot. I. c. e. , these are great American patriots. [cheers and applause] and we are on track for one million illegal aliens trying to rush our borders. It is an invasion. I say invasion, they say, isn't that terrible? I don't know what they are thinking. It is your country, too, what are you thinking? 300 americans a week that I from mexican-trafficked heroine. 300 or week. Tens of thousands of americans are killed every year by heroine, meth, cocaine, fentanyl, smuggled across our border. You know that. 78,000 people die, and that is a number that is much, much smaller than the real number. Two confronts the border crisis last month I declared , to confront the border crisis last month I declared a national emergency on our southern border. [cheers and applause] the radical Democrats retaliated by passing a reckless resolution to terminate vital border security operations. Can you believe this? And two weeks ago I proudly issued my first veto. [cheers and applause] and two days ago, our great republicans in the house of representatives, I want get fancy with you, I will just say, they essentially give us the right to build a wall, and lots of money for it. We are building a wall, we will be finishing the wall, it is moving along rapidly. We are giving out many additional contracts. We are going to be building it in many different locations simultaneously with different contractors, and sometime over the next two weeks, I will be going to a certain place, which I won't tell you now, because they will be waiting for me. I will be going to a certain place and we will be showing you vast sections of brand-new, beautiful wall. [cheers and applause] because we are going to put the jobs, safety and security of American citizens first. And, you know, when I campaigned, it is going to be so much easier the second time. Remember this. I never did this before. And I am 1-1. We are 1-1. [applause] and it was tough. You know why? Because I get up on the stage and I have never debated before, that I never left centerstage. Never left centerstage. Meaning we were winning the whole time. I debated and I said, where are these people coming from? But I never said to anybody, I am going to produce jobs, I am going to bring back your auto businesses, I am going to do great for the vets, for tax cuts, i'm going to cut regulations more than anybody in the history of our country in two years. And never said. I couldn't say that. That I did say that I was going to do it, but who was going to believe me? Now I have done more than I ever promised I was going to do, so the debates should be very easy. [applause] thank you. I will give you a question. So I told you before, the lowest unemployment rates in the history of our country, for african-american great citizens, I say that now, and it is like, I say that, and I just say, your turn. What the hell are they going to do to beat that? And we have many other things for every single citizen. Everybody is benefiting. Everybody is benefiting. [applause] so before first election, my first election, what the hell, I never did it before. I did a good job, though, do you agree? So did you. [applause] we did it together. I have always said it. I didn't do it, we did it together. Think about it. None instead of saying I am going to do this, I am going to produce 5. 5 million new jobs, I grant to bring back manufacturing, 600,000 new jobs, now I have done it. It should be easy, don't you agree? Democrats want to pretend there is no border crisis. For one simple reason. Because they have caused the border crisis. And you know what else, honestly, because they want votes, and because they don't want to give us a they put that ahead of what is good for our country. The mass illegal immigration across our border is a direct consequence of Democrats supported loopholes. Democrat promises of amnesty, amnesty. You have people coming up, they are all met by the lawyers. They come out, they are all met by the lawyers come and they say , say the following phrase, i'm very afraid for my life. I am afraid for my life. Ok. And then I look at the guy, he looks like he just got out of the ring, he's the heavyweight champion of the world. It's a big, fat con job, folks. It's a big fat con job. And Democrats sanctuary cities and the refusal to protect American vote , American borders, it's not the money. When I bought for them recently, they gave me so much money for everything else, but nothing for the wall. None think of it. Walls work, folks. We need the wall. They said, would you call it slats, steel barriers? I said I will call it whatever the hell you want. Just give me the money. Then they got cold feet. But their open border policies are truly of betrayal to the American people. This is dangerous, what is coming into our country, it is dangerous. To defend the United States of america, I deployed the United States military. I got thousands of troops, right now we have about 4000 troops on our southern border, and they are fantastic. And think of it. For years, we defended the borders of foreign countries, but we don't want to defend our own border. Think of how crazy this is. We are defending borders of countries that are 6000 miles away, that many of you have never even heard the name of these countries, but our southern border, our border along mexico, where we have a lot of problems and drugs and human traffickers, and child traffickers, and all of this coming in. We don't want to defend our border. Think of that, how crazy that is. So now we are defending our borders for our country and the people of our country. In the last two years alone, Ice offices , we love eyes , , we love Ice. They have made 266,000 arrests of criminal aliens. You like what you are doing, making cars. They like it. That's what they do. They are great at it. Including those charged or convicted of nearly 100,000 assaults, 30,000 sex crimes, 4000 kidnappings, and 4000 murders. We got them. They got them. How about if you don't get them? How about if you leave all those people? You know what that means for our country. But Democrats want to abolish Ice. These very tough people that love our country as much as anybody i've ever seen. They want to set violence offenders free and directly they will be coming into your communities. We are not going to have it. We want our country to be a sanctuary for law-abiding americans, not for criminal aliens. Right? The republican party will always stand with the heroes of Ice and the heroes of border patrol. These are great people. Every day of my presidency, Ice is tracking down gang members, drug dinners, and criminal aliens. And we are either throwing them behind bars or throwing them the hell out of our country. And we are throwing out gangs like ms-13. These are some of the sickest, most demented, most vicious people in the world. We are throwing them out of our country by the thousands. In recent months, the Democrat party has also been aggressively pushing extreme late-term abortion, allowing children to be ripped from their mothers womb right up until the moment of birth. And now we go a step further, in virginia, the governor stated that he would even allow a newborn baby, wrapped the baby up, make the baby comfortable, to be executed after birth. And that is why in my state of the union address, I called on Congress to immediately pass legislation prohibiting the extreme late-term abortion of babies. The Democrat party has never been further outside of the mainstream. They are being brought so far left, you wouldn't like it, folks. You wouldn't like it. You won't be happy. Radical Democrats are the party of high taxes, open borders, late-term abortion, crime, hoaxes, and delusions. The republican party is the party for all americans. It's what we want to be. It's the way we want to live. We are the party of the American worker. The American family, and we are the party of the American dream. And every day, we make good on the motto, promises made, promises cap. , promises kept. Last week, I decide , I signed an order to protect free speech on college campuses. And to keep America safe, we are rebuilding america's military might, making it more powerful than ever before, by far. I went through the United States from the horrible, costly, one-sided Iran nuclear deal, and look what's happened. Iran is a different country today that it was 2. 5 years ago. I recognized israel's capital and opened the American mc in Jerusalem. And just days ago, I announced that the United States will recognize israel's sovereignty over the golan heights. Very important. Very important. We also recognize the legitimate government of venezuela and we strongly condemned the socialist rotelle of the maduro , socialist brutality of the majuro regime. We stand with the people of venezuela and cuba and nicaragua and their righteous struggle to finally be free. We stand with them, doing a lot of work. Socialism is not a good thing, you are right. Each of us here tonight is united by the same timeless values. We believe in the American constitution and the American rule of law. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family , not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe in religious liberty, the right to free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, to honor our history, to be proud to be happy, to love, and always to respect our great American flag. And we believe in the words, and always will, we are not changing it. They want us to change a lot of things. It's not happening. Of our national motto, in God we trust. In God we trust. These are traditions, customs, and principles that bind us together as citizens, has neighbors, as patriots. These are the values that unite people all across the magnificent land of michigan. These are the values that brought the incredible people of this incredible state to grand rapids for the very last rally of the 2016 campaign, probably the most exciting and hopefully the most fruitful campaign in the history of our country. On that historic day, you rejected the failed political establishment that shipped away your jobs, sold out your sovereignty, and titus down in endless foreign wars , tied us down in less foreign wars which we are now waiting and getting out. You stood up to the corrupt special interests and you stood up to the rigged washington power structure. You stood with me, you watched this rigged power structure, you were with me. I won't forget it, and you will be very proud looking back that you did it. Thank you. You took that your country. You recaptured your destiny. You defended your dignity, and you proudly reclaimed your freedom. Maybe for a second time. You have always been loyal to your nation, and now you have a President who is loyal to you, 100%. The Democrats took the people of michigan for granted, but with us, you will never, ever be forgotten again. You will never be taken for granted ever, ever, ever. I am fighting for you and your jobs in your life and your community, with everything that I have, and I will never, ever stop, and we are winning so big. Nobody ever thought it could happen. We will always fight on to victory. Together we are going to make our beautiful stand. We are going to stand for justice, for safety, for sovereignty, and for the sacred rights given to us by the hand of almighty God. We are one united people and one United States of America. Because together, with the very proud and very truly incredible and inspiring people of michigan, we will make America wealthy again. And we are doing it. We will make America strong again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you, michigan. (music) (music) at the rally, the President criticized adam schiff for his public comments on the mueller investigation. Republicans called on the Congressman to step down as chair.