ID: CSPANDT17720199
Title: President Trump in Greenville, North Carolina
Date: 2019-07-17

Ok. A question I get a lot on television and regular conversation is, can he do that? Can the President do that? And my answer is, that's the wrong question. The question is, if he does that , and we had up until now presidents who don't cross certain boundaries , what's the consequence? What are the processes for holding a President accountable? For his 2020 re-election campaign, President trump held a rally in greenville, north carolina. He talked about congressional efforts to have him impeached and the four freshmen democratic house members he recently referred to in a series of critical tweets. This merely two-hour event begins with sbrocketry remarks , introductory remarks by Vice President Pence. Sun coming up over new york city steel bus driver in a traffic jam putting on her makeup in a rear-view mirror (music)(music) Vice President pence: hello, north carolina! It's great to be back in the tar heel state. [applause] Vice President pence: walker, Congressman meadows, Congressman hudson. To the amazing trump family. [cheers and applause] Vice President pence: and my fellow americans here in greenville, all across this state, i'm thrilled to be with you tonight, but i'm here for one reason and one reason only , north carolina and America need four more years of President Donald Trump in the white house. [cheers and applause] [crowd chanting "four more years"] Vice President pence: it's on, everybody. Time for round two. [cheers and applause] Vice President pence: the campaign for america's future continues tonight. You know what began four years ago has grown into a movement. It's a movement of everyday americans from every walk of life, and here in north carolina, you believe we could be strong begin. You believe , carolina, you believe we could be strong begin. You believe we could be prosperous begin. You said yes to President trump in 2016, and I know you will say yes to Donald Trump in 2020! [cheers and applause] Vice President pence: you know, I don't have to tell any of you gathered here, President Donald Trump is the real deal. He's a man who says what he means and means what he says. [cheers and applause] Vice President pence: and I promise you, you gets up every day and fights to keep the promises that he made to the people of north carolina. I see it every day. Think about it. This President promised to rebuild our military and President trump signed the largest investment in our national defense since the days of ronald reagan. [cheers and applause] Vice President pence: he promised to stand with our allies and stand up against our enemies. Under this commander in chief, with the courage of our delta force out at fort bragg, our forces captured the last person from Isis in Syria. And this President kept a promise with four of his predecessors in the white house when he moved the American embassy to jerusalem, the capital of the state of israel. He promised our veterans access to the real-time, world-class health care that you earned in the uniform of the united states, and thanks to President trump, leadership, we reformed the v. a. And now veterans' choice is available to veterans all across America. [cheers and applause] and this President promised to give the men and women of law enforcement the resources and the respect that they deserve every single day. And he's done it. [cheers and applause] and that includes the courageous men and women of customs and border protection and i. c. e. [applause] under President trump's leadership, i'm proud to report we made historic investments in border security. Thanks to his strong stand, mexico's doing more than ever before and apprehensions at our southern border are down by 28% in just the last few weeks and we've already started to build that wall. [cheers and applause] [crowd chanting "build that wall!"] Vice President pence: oh, we're building it. And this President has actually appointed more conservatives to our federal courts in the last two years than any President in American history, and they are all men and women who will uphold the god-given liberties enshrined in our constitution, like the freedom of religion, the freedom of speech, and the second amendment rights to keep and bear arms. [cheers and applause] and while leading voices in the democratic party advocate late-term abortion and defend infant size , infantize, I stand with a President who stands up for the sanctity of human life. And beyond all of that, this President promised to revive the American economy, to roll back red tape, to unleash American energy, to cut taxes, and President Donald Trump delivered six million new jobs since election day, and more americans are working today than ever before. In our nation's history. You know the truth, jobs are back, confidence is back. In a word, north carolina, America is back. That's what we call promised made and promised kept. [crowd chanting "u. s. a. "] Vice President pence: but to keep America great, we have to re-elect a President who's been fighting for you every day. That's why we need four more years of President Donald Trump. Four more years means more jobs, more judges, and more support for our troops. And it's going to take four more years to drain that swamp. [cheers and applause] you know, the choice in this election couldn't be clearer and the stakes couldn't be higher. None we have a President who loves this country, who stands by our military and men and women in uniformat every level. He never quits. He never backs down. He believes in you, and he fights for you every day. It's true. The other party , the other party's increasingly led by left-wing liberals who criticize this country, demean those who wear the uniform and openly advocate an economic system that will impoverish millions. Well, the people of north carolina know it was freedom, not socialism, that made America the strongest and most prosperous nation in the history of the world. [cheers and applause] the moment America becomes a socialist country is the moment America ceases to be America. So we must say with one voice, as President trump said in his state of the union address, America will never be a socialist country. [cheers and applause] you know, i'm here because I stand with President donald trump, just like all of you. When this President stands up for American jobs and American workers, I stand with President trump. When this President stands up for faith and freedom and the American flag, I stand with President trump. [cheers and applause] and when our President stands up to radical Democrats who accuse border patrol of running concentration camps, use anti-semitic slurs, to denounce support for israel, and continually attack america, we stand with President Donald Trump! [cheers and applause] so our message to the people in north carolina is this, and carry this message out from here tonight, if you are doing better than you were three years ago, join us. If your values are being better defended, join us. If you're proud to have a President who fights for you and is proud of this country and all who serve her every day , join us and re-elect President Donald Trump! And we'll keep America great. So bring all your enthusiasm, north carolina, and have faith. Faith that when our fellow americans are given a choice between more freedom and more government, they will choose freedom every time. [cheers and applause] have faith in this President whose drive and vision are making America great again even as we speak. [cheers and applause] and finally, have faith in he who blessed this one nation under God will bless America. [cheers and applause] and I know with your support and your energy over the next 15 months, we'll re-elect this President. We'll elect republican majorities in washington, d. c. [cheers and applause] with President Donald Trump in the white house, with strong conservative leaders at every level here in north carolina, and with god's help, we'll make America and north carolina safer than ever before. We'll make America and north carolina more prosperous than ever before. And this President will make America greater than ever before. [cheers and applause] so now it is my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce to you my friend and the 45th President of the United States of america, President Donald Trump. And i'm proud to be an American where at least I know i'm free and I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me and I gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today because there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the u. s. a. (music) (music) from across the plains of texas from sea to shining sea from detroit down to houston and new york to l. a. Where there's pride in every American heart and it's time we stand and say that i'm proud to be an American where at least I know i'm free and I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me and I gladly stand up next to you and defend still today because there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the u. s. a. (music) (music) and i'm proud to be an American where at least I know i'm free and I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me and I gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today because there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the u. s. a. (music)(music) [cheers and applause] [crowd chanting "u. s. a. "!] thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you to greenville, north carolina. None thank you. [cheers and applause] and to mike Pence for the great job, great Vice President. Thank you, mike. And we have all night. We're going to have a lot of fun tonight. I have nothing to do, nothing, nothing! We have nothing to do but make our country great begin and that's happening. It's wonderful to be back in this beautiful state with thousands of hardworking north carolina patriots, and thank you for your support. [cheers and applause] and thank you for that very big victory we had three years ago. Time is flying. Are you getting ready? Let's do it again; right? Let's do it again. [cheers and applause] I just heard that the United States house of representatives has overwhelmingly voted to kill the most ridiculous project I have ever been involved in, the resolution, how stupid is that, on impeachment. [cheers and applause] I want to thank those Democrats because many of them voted for us. The vote was a totally lopsided 332-95-1. 332-95. Think of it. We have the strongest economy in history. The lowest unemployment numbers ever. We've rebuilt the most powerful military. It was totally depleted when I took office. [cheers and applause] and now it is rebuilt. [cheers and applause] we passed the largest tax cuts and regulation cuts of any President or any administration in history. We took care of our great vets, including veterans' choice and veterans' accountability. [cheers and applause] and they want to try and impeach. It's a disgrace. Disgrace. [booing] so now we have that behind us. And I have to say this, and I will is a it just once , and I will say it just once, what happened to me with this witch-hunt should never be allowed to happen to another President of the united states, never ever again. [cheers and applause] I want to thank republican leadership for what they have done for all of us by stopping that hoax, the russian hoax, I call it because America is winning again. America is respected again. And because we are finally putting America first. [cheers and applause] our economic policy can be summed up in three very beautiful and simple words, jobs, jobs, jobs. [cheers and applause] we've created 6 billion new jobs since election day. If I would have said that, nobody would have believed it. If I would have said that, the fake news would have said he's exaggerating. And I wouldn't have said it because I wasn't even sure we could do it. Think of it. Six million jobs since election day. [cheers and applause] and by the way, north carolina has had its best economic year in the history of your state. [cheers and applause] our country has added more than 180,000 people to the workforce, and think of that, through what we've done on a federal basis, you picked up over 180,000 jobs, north carolina. [cheers and applause] think of that. And you have your lowest unemployment rate. You have a lot of good things. But let's not talk too much about north carolina. Let's win this election nationwide. [cheers and applause] do you remember north carolina? That was going to be the clinton firewall. She spent a fortune here. And I kept coming in and coming out. They called it earned media. I earned it. I kept coming in andoming out. Every time I left I said, I don't think we're losing north carolina. You know what? I was right. We won it. We won it easily. [cheers and applause] I just want to thank everybody. Seriously, that was a big deal. November 8, that was a big deal. Donald Trump has won the great state of north carina. [cheers and applause] big deal. That was when you started to see the folks at a certain other convention, beautiful-looking place, one of the most beautiful venues I have ever seen, but I don't want any part of it. It was unlucky. I don't want any part, but that's when you saw the people what the hell is going on? What? What's happening? And then it was state after state. It was florida. It was south carolina. We love south carolina; right? [cheers and applause] you better believe it. It was pennsylvania. [cheers and applause] remember they wouldn't announce numbers in pennsylvania. So there was 1% of the vote remaining. If I lost every one of those votes, we still win by a lot. And they wouldn't announce it. They wouldn't announce it. And then we won the great state of wisconsin, first time in many decades. [cheers and applause] and then we had a surprise, but not a surprise to us, because we're bringing back the auto industry, brought so much back to the great state of michigan. Do you remember a certain hand on that beautiful board, and they said, you know, this board is getting awfully red, that's republican. There's a lot of red up there. We had a lot of , that was one hell of a night, wasn't it, though? [cheers and applause] it was one hell of a night. I think it was maybe , you know, there were those that say one of the most extraordinary and exciting evenings in the history of television and the history of anything. And you know you can go all over the world, in some cases, it was morning. You go to asia, you go to europe, you go all over, it was just record setting. And here's the point. We have to do it begin , we have to do it again. We have to do it again. [crowd chanting "four more years"] and the reason we have to, not only to do new things, which we will, and you know statutory and we had all sorts of artificial witch-hunts all over our head. Can you imagine if we didn't have to go through that hoax, I don't know if we would have done any better. To be honest with you, I think we have done more in the first 2 1/2 years than any President ever. [cheers and applause] first 2 1/2 years. But could you imagine what it could have been if we didn't have the witch-hunt , you said it. I won't say it because it's a terrible word. So I will not say that this guy said if we didn't have the bullshit. [cheers and applause] no, no. Could you imagine if we didn't have the time wasted, the time and everything, can you imagine, and you know a friend of mine said? Maybe you wouldn't have done as well. Is that possible? That could happen. Maybe we would have had too much time on our hands. Who knows, but I can say, nobody in their first two and a half years has done anywhere close to what we , not me , what we have all done. [cheers and applause] so the unemployment rate among african-americans is the lowest in the history of our country. [cheers and applause] unemployment among hispanic americans, where we're doing really well, you know why? Because they want a strong border. They want it because they understand the border better than anybody. They want that strong border. They want that wall that's being built right now. [cheers and applause] they want that wall. And they really do. They understand the border better than anybody. And they don't want criminals coming in. They don't want crime coming in. They don't want to lose their jobs. They like the fact that their salaries are going up, their wages are going up. They understand it better, so hispanic american, the best unemployment numbers in our history. Asian americans, the best unemployment numbers in our history. [cheers and applause] and likewise, women, 74 years, so i'm sorry, women, I let you down, it is not in our history, but we're going to be there very soon, we're going to be there very soon, women are doing incredibly and women , the men are going to get angry. [cheers and applause] sorry men, look at all those signs. "women for trump. " [cheers and applause] wow! Thank you. That's a lot of signs. Do you remember last election, Donald Trump will never ever get the women. Then we got this tremendous number of women. [cheers and applause] we got this tremendous number of women, and during the election night, they said what's going on? You know what it's called, suppression polls, suppression. Polls are just as the fake as the news itself. But women filled 60% , and i'm sorry to tell you this, men, they are going to sue me for discrimination now, women filled 60% of all the new jobs created last year. Women took 60%. What's wrong with you, men? What's wrong with you? But the radical Democrats are trying to destroy all of our country's tremendous achievement and our country's tremendous success, unprecedented. We've had unprecedented success. Leaders come in from other countries, prime ministers, presidents, kings, queens, dictators sometimes, I hate to say it, dictators, and they all start off by saying, mr. President, I would like to congratulate you on the incredible economy you have created, the greatest anywhere in the world by far. [cheers and applause] and sadly, china, who I have a very good relationship with President xi, I really like him, but China has had , yesterday, it was announced the worst year in 27 years. [cheers and applause] and we've had the best. If our opponents ever got into office, instead of being up 62%, instead of their 401(k)s of yours being up 60%, 70%, 80%, 90%, crash, big crash, you would have had a crash the likes of which we have never seen before if they got in office because we freed up our country. We freed up our economy, especially with regulation cuts but also with those big beautiful tax cuts. We freed it up. [cheers and applause] the leading voices of the democratic party are left-wing extremists who reject everything our nation stands for, but again, I have to tell you, this vote was so big, I have to thank many of the Democrats. I mean, that was amazing. No, no, I really do. I respect it. I really do. That was a slaughter, but many of those people that voted for us this afternoon in somewhat of a sneak attack, a real sneak attack, many of those people that voted for us were democrats, and I want to thank them because they did the right thing for our country. [cheers and applause] republicans know that America is the greatest force for peace and justice in the history of our world. But these left-wing ideologues see our nation as a force of evil. The way they speak so badly of our country. They want to demolish our constitution, weaken our military, eliminate the values that built this magnificent country. You have to look at some of their recent comments which are never talked about. When you see the four Congress women , oh, isn't that lovely? [booing] i'll give you just a couple. I have had pages and pages but we don't want to bore you or go too long. We have to give a couple. That's the great thing about live television. They can't cut it. [cheers and applause] representative ilhan omar , [booing] of a really great state. I almost won. First time in decades and decades, minnesota. Great state. [booing] [cheers and applause] [crowd chanting "u. s. a. "] by the way, I keep hearing how much enthusiasm is in the radical left. I don't think they have enthusiasm. They're just fighting with each other. We have all of the enthusiasm. [booing] he goes home now to mommy and he gets reprimanded and that's the end. Sorry, mommy. Sorry, mom. Didn't mean to embarrass you, mom. But it's true. We have the enthusiasm, folks. Look at this. Look at this. By the way, thousands and thousands of people outside and people that couldn't get in, thousands. [cheers and applause] we've got all the enthusiasm. They are fighting each other. They've gone so far left nobody wants to even think about it. So representative omar blamed the United States , booing] for the terrorist attacks on our country saying that terrorism is a reaction to our involvement in other people's affairs. She smeared u. s. Servicemembers involved in blackhawk down. In other words, she slandered the brave americans who were trying to keep peace in somalia. Omar minimized the september 11th attacks on our homeland, saying some people did something. I don't think so. Some people did something. Yes, some people did something all right. She pleaded for compassion for Isis recruits attempting to join the terrorist organization. She was looking for , [indiscernible] omar laughed that americans speak of al qaeda in a menacing tone and remarked that you don't say America with this intensity. You say al qaeda makes you proud, al qaeda makes you proud. You don't speak that way about America. And at a press conference, just this week, when asked whether she supported al qaeda, that's our enemy, that's our enemy. They are a very serious problem that we take care of, but they always seem to come along somewhere. She refused to answer. She didn't want to give an answer to that question. Omar blamed the United States for the crisis in venezuela. Think of that one. And she looks down with contempt on the hardworking americans saying that ignorance is pervasive in many parts of this country. [booing] [crowd chanting "send her back"] obviously and importantly, omar has a history of launching vicious anti-semitic , [crowd chanting "send her back"] she talked about the evil israel and it is all about the benjamins. Not a good thing to say. So that's omar. That's omar. And by the way, many other things. All you have to do is press the right button on your beautiful screen and you will see , you didn't hear this over the last two days, though. Did you hear anybody talk about this? Her colleague representative rashida talib , [booing] , agreed with omar's characterization of 9/11 and said that members of Congress who support israel forgot what country they represent. And tlaib also used the f word to describe the presidency and your President. That's not nice, even for me. She was describing the President of the United States and the presidency with the big fat vicious , the way she said it , vicious f-word. That's not somebody what loves our country. That's not somebody who loves our country. Representative alexandria ocasio-cortez , [booing] check out her scores, by the way, with her new green new deal. The green new deal, where did that come from? She's conducted outrageous attacks against men and women of law enforcement. She compared American border agents, managing a humanitarian crisis that I always said was a humanitarian crisis, and they said it was manufactured. They don't say it was manufactured. And we're stopping it, and I want to thank mexico. They've got 21,000 soldiers now , [cheers and applause] stopping people from coming into our country. [cheers and applause] but cortez , somebody said, that's not her name. It's , they said, that's not her name, sir. I said, no, no. I don't have time to go with three different names. We'll call her cortez. Too much time. Takes too much time. So cortez also , she said essentially nazis are running concentration camps , [booing] and when mike Pence went down just a few days ago with members of Congress and the media, and you looked at those so-called horrible concentration camps, they said wow, these places are clean. Wow, they have air-conditioning. They have water. And you know, to be honest, it's not like they came, and we want to take care of people. We've got to straighten out our immigration laws. You know, in a very short perio , period of time, if the Democrats would give us a few votes, we could solve the immigration problem, and it would be so great. [cheers and applause] but these kids and these people come from rough places. I will tell you what, some of them said we have never lived like this before. They have water. They have air-conditioning. They have things they have never seen, and we listened to her talking about drinking water from toilets, which was a lie, which was a lie. Cortez said that illegal immigrants are more americanlie. Said it legal imrants are more American and she described contemporary America that, is you and me and all of us as patchage. Garbage. Remember deplorables? That is worse. We'll save it for the nominee. And with me, joe is not looking too good. Pochahontas is gaining a little bit. We probably used it early but that is okay. We'll bring it out of retirement very soon. We are a new one what knocked the hell out of biden. Can you imagine according to polls I won every debate. Can you imagine? Those are the polls. They'll have said that. Many, many polls. Can you imagine I said oh, oh. Sorry. I am gone. That is the end of trump. He is not mentally prepared for this problem. He said sorry. I ran out of time. Ran out of time. He ran out of time. You have a young guy. They're saying how to say his name. He runs a failed city. I said how is he has mayor? Mike is one of the nicest human beings you'll ever heat. He said mike said he never did a if job and i'm shocked to see him running okay? And he goes home and african americans are so angry at him because he's supposed to be a hot young star. That is not a star. It's not a star. Add edge. Who that edge sth and I don't see him meeting President xi of China and meeting successfully with kim jung un. I don't see him dealing, and nobody has been tougher with Russia than Donald Trump. I don't see him dealing with vladimir putin. We spend hundreds of billions of dollars to britain and last rear I said folks pay your fair share. 16 years going like this. The contribution. None it's like a rocket ship. $100 billion. And I said to them, great people. I said listen. We are taking care of you. You screw us on trade and you're not paying your military bills so we're taking care of trade. We want to do it nice and easy and european union is terrible to us up there. Terrible. With China. $507 billion. They've been taken and guys said we're stopping that. No the trump is stopping it. Trump is stopping it. So is she related to elvis? I don't know. Who knows? You never know. She thinks that people with same skin color. She said we don't need anymore brown face that's don't want to be brown voices. We don't need black face that's don't want to be a black voice. And can you imagine if I said that? It would be over right? It would be over. I'd find a way to survive, right? We always do. Here we are. Here we are. We pined a way that always find a way. This week she refused to condemn antifa. They're bad people. Do you notice they attack people have never been attached before. They attack and I don't want to be disrespectful to people taking a lot of shots to the face. And they're not attackingno carrierringconnect 1200no carrierringconnect 1200 job. Hurricane income treasurerdale falwell. Greenville mayor pj conrad does a great job. He does. And hike yil watley. And I want to thank, he's opinion a no carrierringconnect 1200winner. Thank you Donald Trump. This is trump country. If elected I will be a Congressman that has our president's back. The third district is not going to elect another Pelosi Congressman. It's not going to do that so we come here and we're here to support him. Thank you so we're building a lot of wall and we hope is withing where the supreme court and we'll are over 400 miles pilt by the end of next year. So that is a great victory. There is another crucial election in north carolina do you know what we're talking about? I know it's not here but it's close. Right? Night ninth congressional district. The Democrat in the race is an ultra liberal named dan mccready. Wants to take your guns. He wants to raise your taxes. He doesn't care borders and likes open borders. He really admires socialism. I don't think that works too well in north carolina. This is a special man, twoing to be a great congressman, dan bishop. Dan? So President trump said there are two dans in this race. Dan mccready says Donald Trump is the greatest threat to democracy ever and packed crooked hillary. Dan mccready took money from ilhan omar and mr. President, he wants to repeal your tax no carrierringconnect 1200 so our department charged savage, prosecutal, horrible gang ms13 in California. Who have opinion violently operating for ten years. We to the them all. With conducting prosecutal medieval-style killings. Do you know what that is? Little pieces. Little pieces. Including dismemberment. These are sick people. I call them animals nancy Pelosi said how dare he use that name. These are human beings. I don't think they're human beings. Host of those indicted were in our country illegally. 19 to be exact. 19 of 22. Think of that. They want to protect these savage beasts. These savage killers. And we're bringing ms13 out by the thousands and bringing them the hell out of our country. And when you read about deportation and sundays, this makes sense but when you hear about that you always want to get. Do you how dangerous it for these Ice agents? They go into a nest of the killers. They're tough, smart and they love our country. The danger they have is incredible. And I want to salute Ice and border patrol of , and I want to salute law enforcement of the United States. These are great people. I tell them you are no idea how much the American people an public they love you and have made every candidate, everyone. They raised their hand in giving health care. They just apruched $100 million. To take care of the needs of illegal immigrants. Looking at sidewalks of los angeles and san francisco, nancy pelosi's district nobody has seen anything like it, what's happening there. If you don't want Democrats to steal your money and bankrupt your country you have a choice, you must vote republican. All American citizens, legal immigrants who wait in line sometimes 0 years and who respect our laws and follow rules they deserve a government that is loyal to them. They work har. You can't say you love our country if you want to destroy it through open borders. It's a disaster. Human trafficking. You know? First time I heard as a politician human trafficking, nobody talks about it. It sounded almost like an ancient scribe. Many, many years ago. Hundreds of years. Thousands of years ago. It's the worst now because of the world because of the internet. And worst of all, children, but it's women. Women. Democrats want to do nothing about it. Human trafficking is worse than it has been in the history of the world. Not just this not a United States problem but this all over the world. Human trafficking. It's a terrible thing and we're going to solve it. Most comes through in this country our southern border. They're not going through the points. They're in the going through areas we have security and guards and gates. No. The Democrats know it because five years ago before I was here, they wanted it. None they don't want it. Do you know why? Political reasons and you know what? Going to cost them a lot of points in the election. Probably close to the election. Democrats support deadly sanctuary cities and we're picked up 22 thugs and monsters in why? Los angeles. Wonderful sanctuary city. The Senator introduced a bill to give American victims the right to sue sanctuary cities and hold them accountable for the thousands of lives that they have shattered. They've shattered these lives. Thank you very much, tom. Every nation has the right to establish and enforce immigration rules this it's national interests. It's simple and common sense. It's simple. They'll embrace our American values and love our American flag. We have the lowest unemployment rate. We need workers but they have to come in where they can help our country. They have to come in based on merit. And let's see what happens. More than 130 Democrats in Congress have signed up for bernie sanders government take over. Is that nice? This is one of the great , it won't happen. The guy never passed a bill and he did nothing. He missed his time. Bernie? None save you time and effort bernie. You missed your time. He's not doing well but that is okay. He's up there, ranting and raving and going like a lunatic. Illways watching bernie and he's screaming and i'm going to do this and that. And no more college loans or anything. Nothing. You're not going to pay for anything. He's bes des prit now. And I sid, every family. The media says Donald Trump is exaggerating and i'm sorry. Don't put it. Don't put it. No. But he's desperate now. They're sad when you get down to it. Okay. We're in north carolina. There. You have your best economy you have had. And you have the best economy and unemployment numbers and the most people working thatno carrierringconnect 1200roof. We haven't had an fcc in any event. We pack it and put screens outside and tonight is not good. We have 100 degrees out. That is like a poll right? I see sleepy joe. 115 people show up. 115 people. Right? Democrat record is one of deception, destruction. Administration said about you like your plan, you can keep your plan and like your doctor you can keep your doctor 28 times. A lie. We're offing plans up to 60% cheaper than obamacare and a lot of people are starting to figure that out and we'll always protect patients with preexisting conditions are protected by reasons morseo than by Democrats who will never be able to pull it off. We have 180 people here now and they're fog to be taken away. You know we're talking too soon. We've got a year and a half left. 1024 and I said I more indian blood in me than she in her. It's more than she has. She should be, bring it up again. How about this? She went and hired a guy to check the blood. I'm sure he had fun doing that. He checked her blood and found many, many years ago there could have been someone and he could have been innin. Indians said we don't want her. So we've taken action to fight opoid epidemic and what a problem. Just today, announced pri came in, that overdose death including our first lady and everybody on the trump administration dropped and gone down. In north carolina it's declined 8% last year. Almost every Democrat supports late term abortion, ripping babies from their mother's womb right up until the moment of birth. And then you have the governor from virginia we're talking about late term. He's talking about the baby is born before this is a baby born. Nobody heard anything like that. And that, what a shame. Republicans believe every life is a sacred gift of God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime. Open borders, late term abortion. The republican party is party for all American values. We're the party of the American worker, family, and dream. This is the proud banner the republican party will carry in the great city of charlotte, north carolina. These are some of the greatest ladies. We love you. Thank you. How many have you opinion to? They say woman don't like trump. You know? They want to have strong law enforcement and great education. Why don't they want trump more than anyone else? Our centers do things and i'm going to show you something. He's smart, stupid or trying to take over the world. They have many messages. I saw a comedian saying he's not leaving and he's not leaving. He's going to stay. We did a time magazine cover. Starting at 16. That is 22. 40. 46. No. We need one more. Senator saying i'm 67. I said senator, i'm one for one but happen to be the President. None I want to be two for two. Two for two. Say let's think about it? No. No. I promise. I promise. 2024 I leave. By that time. Just so you know, our country will be sellwell seated and strong like never, ever in our history. Everything we've been done can be decimated. 2016 was an important election. People said it's the greatest election we have had. Never anything like it. If we don't win in 2020, everything we've done, 401s are going to come down like a stack of cards so let's say this is a equal importance. By this time, we'll have rals and free enterprise. Low wrested. Stamp auz people are working. It's equal. It can disappear quickly. This is hot what you want running this country. Every day, promises made, promises kept. I have people that don't like me. Someone said he made promises and kept more than he's made. It's true. I never said we're going to have the ability to fire people that don't treat our vets properly. And wub , we're good at getting throh. And a successful businessman I don't like him. I'd go further and say he can not stand me. I saw him about two mths ono. And he came up to me and said how are you doing? And hey. You know? Hoare you doing? Let's get out of here. He said i'm doing good. You're doing good. I said, yeah. I said you know you don't like me and I don't like you. If you don't support me you're going to be so damn poor. You're not going to believe it. He says to me mr. President, everybody calls he mr. President. It's a funny thing. Low pressure you're right. I'm supporting you and I think you're doing a great job. Can it's not like he has a choice. He has no choice. And it's a if choice. We've done the right thing. And it funny with the name, mr. President. I have good friends that call me don, donald. Anything. Right? And you lose your friends when you're President because they're afraid to talk to you. It's true. Except for 6, 7 ladies here. They always talk. No. It's true. Very guys, wonderful friends. New york developers, tough guys, heart guys, they're rich. This. That. I have everybody. Poor guys. Middle of the road. And rich guys doesn't matter. Rich guys go, mr. President, how are you, sir. It's richard. Richard listen up this, is a guy used to say, don, how are you doing? Let's go to dinner. None sir? Everything if? Sir? I said richard call me donald like you always t always call me donald, okay, donald. Thank you very much and two minutes later mr. President. It's great. I lost my friends. People have respect for the office of the President. They have respect for our country again. And we've confirmed judges to apply the law as written, including two supreme court justices. Neil gorsuch and receipt kavanaugh. We've launched an initiative to retus the price of prescription drugs. And last year, no help from Democrats last year for the first time now, that is for a reason. To give more prisoners a second chance at life. They go back and we have programs but most of them have a great economy. People are hiring prisoners and have you to see reviews they're getting. It's a beautiful thing happening. They can get a job and we're proud of it. We're expanding opportunity zones and it's a great success. The opportunity zone. And there will be John training to 9 million americans isn't that nice? I hear that word they say we'll get arnold schwartzeneggar to take my place. That didn't work out too well. I signed human trafficking laws and secured to support victims of human trafficking. We want to cut pudgeits but this is beyond budget. I withdrew the United States from the horrible one sided disufting Iran thoouk deal. Iran is a different country today than it was. My administration opened the learn impasse yeah in Jerusalem. And a couple months ago I just approved g olan heights. Another thing. 52 years they tried to do that and didn't get it done. So we're doing good. We condemn theys that want to stop freedom in that country and other vote are the destruction of the American droem. The destruction of our country. That is what is going to happen. Take a look around. Refusing to protect their own they. It all over the world. We're bringing our soldiers back home. I met with pen rals, several, one's name raisin. I said what is your name? Sir? What is your name? Sir. My name is raisin. I said raisin? Like you mean a little raisin? Yes, sir. My name. What is your last name? Cane. Your name raisin cane? You've to the to be , I said raisin cane you're hi kind of General. None talk to you raisin cane. Get over here. My previous generals said it's going to be a long time before we take out the caliphate these guys have said like interest a movie with you l is nobody in hollywood plays like this. I is said fwerld? I've opinion told it's going to take a year, two years to get 100%. Sir we'ring to hit them like never perfect. We're never allowed to do this. We're going to hit from iraq and from laces they never knew that existed. They'll be hit so hard, they'll be hit shortly. It was over. We had 100% of the caliphate and these people were screwing around for years. President obama. Obama. Hi generals to a great job. I blew there. Remember? I'm in air force one. They notify me, sir we're 45 minutes out and are to close windows and turn off lights in the plane, sir. All windows and lights have to be off, sir. Turning off lights outside and runway lights, sir. They're going to be in a dim. The #-year-old pilot. I went there and I said I don't see lights. And I said , I don't see. And said we've sent 8ses trillion in the Middle East and have to turn off lights of an air lean to land sth they didn't do our job. He to our job. He don't fight to win and I fight to win. I fight to win. So we're landing this big, beautiful air force one. And i'm saying sir I don't see a runway. Yes. It's right there. Says, sir, it's right there. I don't see it major. Let's to around. That is the last thing. He said sir, I still haven't seen the light. So you must hefr poring yet 2020 election is about one thing. You. About you. It's about your family and future. And the fate of your beautiful and loving country. That is what it is. We begin our north carolina campaign with theest record, result. Best agenda and only our nation that is great today and going to be greater and getting better and better. We've turned this big ship around and we'll continue unleashing the power so every American every learn can mow the dignity of war and with your help we'll create a safe, modern and pair system of imxrags and I said i'm making them pay bills. I say you've got to pay angela. Obama wra would make a speech, leave. I say let me speak to angela. Pay your bills. So when you hear they like me better? I'm not doing my job. There is a crutch and said hin, thin. But they respect us. Look at that oughtful baby. Wow. What a baby. What a baby. That is a beautiful baby. Like from an advertisement. Perfect. Look how happy that baby is. So beautiful. Thank you darling. That is really nice? That great thing. Thank you. Congratulations. Man. We're going to have the country set for your child okay? That is what this is about. Ha will say no baby is so beautiful. That had to be a set up. I never saw that guy in my life. Thank you. If luck. Thank you very much. Those four beautiful words made in America. Made in we will give school choice to millions of underserved children who are trapped in failing government schools. We will do friend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. They are going to take your guns away. [cheers and applause] and above all, we will never stop finding for those values that bind us together with this one great nation is one America. One America. We believe in the American constitution and we believe in the rule of law we believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy is the true American way. We believe that children like your child should be taught to love their country honor history , and always respect our great American flag. [cheers and applause. ] and we live by the words of our national motto, "in God we trust. " we are fighting for every American mom and dad who wants to protect their land of liberty for their precious children. We have been blessed with the greatest republic on the face of the earth. But it was going in the wrong direction, and now we are turning it around and it's better than ever before and we will keep it that way. We will keep it that way. [applause] with your help, and with your drive, we will keep on working. And we will keep on winning. One big beautiful movement, there's never been a movement like this. You don't hear about it. Not in the history of our country there's never been a movement like this. This movement is stronger now than it was three years ago. The strongest movement in the history of our country. We are one people, one family, one glorious nation under God. [cheers and applause] we are doing things that no other nation thought it was possible what we are doing, we are so respected, you have no idea how our nation has gone so far up in the eyes and the minds of the rest of the world. So respected. [cheers and applause] because together, we will make America wealthy again. [cheers and applause] of course, we did just hit the highest price in the history of the market. Sue pretty soon, I hate to say, I do not to ruin the pretoria , rhetorical skill but that's that , we will make our nation wealthy again we have the strongest stock market in history. So I have to change it, we will have to say we have made America wealthy again. [cheers and applause] we will make America strong again. We have to change this. We have made America strong again. [cheers and applause] and just so you know, we have made America great again. Keep America great. How do you give up maga? How do you give up maga? Make America great again, but we have done that. Can you imagine if keep America great did not work? I had the greatest race probably the greatest in the history of politics. Look at this beautiful hat. Make America great again. We have done that. So we will keep that around out of my heart the love of that expression but our new phrase for the 2020 campaign is keep America great. Thank you, north carolina. Thank you. (music) (music) (music) americans want nasa to continue to lead in space. Among republicans and democrats, more people disagree with privatizing space exploration that agree with the policy. Overall, only 27% of the pulled support private businesses leading space efforts. You can find the results and findings on americans attitudes toward space force and believing in extraterrestrial life on c-span. org.