ID: CSPANDT11620197
Title: President Trump Remarks at Iowa Republican Dinner
Date: 2019-06-11

That is the agreement don't let mexico do the announcement at the right time. Here is the agreement. This is one page of a very long agreement without tariffs we would have nothing. We had nothing to weeks ago. I don't know where the times got the story but somebody who worked here to set how well they would do but for a long time people tried to get what we got in a period of a couple days. What a group. This is a big deal. Thank you very much jeff you are fantastic. We appreciate it. Everybody in this room appreciates it. That's why we are here jeff that's why we are here. You do a great job or go thank you. It is wonderful to be back in iowa right here in the heartland of America. It is a heartland of America I love it and we wanted to buy a lots. We will win it again by a lot. I just came from being with hundreds of farmers where we celebrated lifting of restrictions on ethanol. That would never have happened. [applause] and now not only is it happening but in a very big way. Going right from the beginning it was the right thing to do. We will get done. [cheering and applause] that is good for the farmers, please, sit down. I appreciate you standing for so long but I should have told you to sit down earlier. I love you, too. You are not my type but that's okay. [laughter] I appreciate it. None i'm thrilled to be here with all of you, the proud patriots of iowa, gop. Iowa is a special place to me. Together we truly make America great again and happening every day and in fact I have to make a decision very soon. Make America great again may be one of the great slogans and history of politics. I mean, it can be bad, can it? We did something no one thought was possible we ended up with 306-223, that's a big victory. We have to make a decision. Make America great again or keep America great keep America great or make America great again. What do I do? You will go with maga, it's been awfully good but the problem with getting rid of maga will never get rid of it and it's always the right here but the problem is when you have the most successful campaign theme or logo or whatever you want to call it and maga it works , when you have that to give it up for a new theme I don't know if it makes sense but keep America great, k agee I don't know I like that as much to keep America great and we have made America great and we've made so much progress and we made America great so make America great again. None ask you for a poll, can I ask you? Will go maga and I will go keep America great. Ready? Make America great again. [cheering and applause] keep America great. [cheering and applause] once more, make America great again? [cheering and applause] America great commission point. [cheering and applause] that's a free fall. Polls don't mean a damn thing. We prove that, didn't we prove that? They had me losing texas but we won by a lot and they had me losing utah and we won by a lot and they said georgia and do you know who georgia is here is the great george stephanopoulos. I think he happens to be a nice guy. He said he left? I don't think so. Thank you, george. Thank you very much. Now we have a lot of great people here but we had a lot of phony poles we call them suppression polls. It's suppression. Darling, he will not win. Let's go see a movie and won't bother to vote and then we'll go home and watch the results. The problem was no one to that and they went out and voted. It was amazing , was that not one of the great nights of history? What do you think, just? Right? One of the great or highest-rated evenings in the history with the most people watching television all over the world that night but I especially want to thank our terrific republican leaders. We have a very, very strong powerful brilliant governor with us tonight, kim reynolds. [cheering and applause] she came through with an amazing victory. You know, all I heard is if she was doing well. Stand up, kim. [applause] I heard she was doing really well but had a guy with unlimited money who was spending like nobody's ever spent before and I said, don't worry, she will win but we did a couple rallies and it worked out well and I said she will win but I did not she would win so easily. Great job, kim. Thank you very much. Great governor, thank you very much. [applause] we have here very highly respected great person your house speaker state house speaker, where is linda? [cheering and applause] thank you, linda. Thank you very much. Great job. And we have your majority leader. Where is jack? Thank you, jack. Young guy. Young guy. Every elected republican is indebted to the grassroots activists, volunteers and county chairs who fight so hard and fight so hard in your state. None especially recognize gary , where is gary? Gary? Gary? Thank you, gary. Thank you very much. Gary is from boone county. Anyone here at boone county? Spent a lot of time in boone county. Gloria from polk county. Gloria? [cheering and applause] these are the brightest lights I don't see gloria. Thank you, gloria. Trudy from [inaudible] county. Thank you. Great job. Fantastic. Geneva from scott county. Thank you. Thank you. Two finally, to all our wonderful supporters, your driving commitment are the heart and all of this party and this is a great party. Were doing fantastic things. And you all very much. None thank you for something else. I do it in you do it and we have a tendency to want to do it and they wanted to do it for years but they haven't. We put America first and were putting America first again, folks. [cheering and applause] this is truly an ordinary time for our nation. America is driving, optimism is booming and our people are prospering and our country is winning again. Winning, winning, winning again we are winning like never before and doing great and respected again all over the world they respect us again. They weren't so respectful for a long number of years but they respect us again as a country and america's economy , it is now the envy of the world and since the election we've added 6 million jobs including half a million manufacturing jobs. Remember? You never be able and past administrations and you need a magic wand will be have 500,000 already added in a lot coming because we have a lot of companies moving in and a lot of manufacturer jobs. They said that cannot be done but we did it very easily and have a long way to go. Nearly 7 million americans have been lifted off food stamps and we are getting americans off of welfare and back into the workforce where they want to be. Unemployment is now at the lowest rate in over 31 years. Think of that. It will soon be breaking that record and african-american, hispanic american, asian-american on employment of all reached the lowest rates ever recorded in history of our country and that is pretty good. [applause] wages are rising and they are growing fast which makes me very happy. Listen to this one. Fast is proportionately for blue-collar workers. It's great. [applause] they are doing the best. Over the next three months companies are expected to hire workers at the fastest pace in more than a decade with the greatest gains for workers right here in the midwest. Did you know that? You had the greatest gains anyplace in the country. [applause] the last administration delivered low wages, economic stagnation and rampant off shoring, countries do not respect what we were all about. They took advantage of our country and took our jobs and took our businesses and took everything and all coming back and coming back very fast. [applause] we've turned it all around with jobs and wealth they are now going back into our country at heart of our economic revival is the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. We have the greatest tax cuts in American history. [applause] and not only that but in the village we got rid of the individual mandate, the worst thing in obamacare where you paid a fortune for the privilege of not paying for horrible healthcare. Very unpopular, got rid of it. I got rid of it. [applause] we also got a thing called the biggest drilling site anywhere in the world in Alaska and one of the biggest drilling sites but maybe the biggest anywhere in the world trying to get it to ronald reagan and not able to get it but we got it approved and it's done and it's been a great achievement. [applause] we eliminated the unfair estate tax also known as the death tax on small farms and ranches and businesses so that they can keep them in the family. If you love your children you can keep it in the family but if you don't love your children what I just got you does not mean a damn thing. Don't bother. Only get it if you love them. Give it to charity instead. The hell with the kids. [laughter] isn't it a bit thing? So many people are losing and they want to leave the farm or ranch or business and want to leave it and they want to leave it to their children but cannot do it because it would be left in it have to borrow a fortune to pay the taxes so now you don't have those taxes. Children, congratulations, parents, cannot be around to worry about it too much anymore. Congratulations. We cut a record number of jobs killing regulations and no administration has ever cut regulations like that. The last administration waged a regulatory assault on the American farmers and you know that. That was an assault, and invasion in those days are over and those regulations are now gone. We've also ended the war on American energy in the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world by far. [applause] last year we exported a record amount of ethanol. Does everyone like ethanol? [applause] they are doing a fantastic job in iowa and nebraska and other places with ethanol. We are undoing decades of calamitous trade policies and reversing eight painful years of economic surrender. We have surrendered but were not surrendering if you read the papers although much of it is big news but that is okay. You get the gist of it. No surrender and we just did a wonderful deal on the border with mexico and it's going to be a big difference in doing a job with China and watch what happens with China and watch what happens we just open up japan for cattle and different things in japan the market was totally closed but we opened and I we have many other countries opening up and if you look at canada were charging 285% for agricultural products or materials of 285% but no one knew that but we knew that and essentially that's a barrier for me not to down and again we got the u. s. Mca that will be fantastic and got to get it approved so call those Democrats want to vote because it will be phenomenal for your state and phenomenal for the farmers and manufacturers and friendly, for the unions and great for everybody in the economic policies of the previous administration in which foreign asians at the expense of our nation and not only the previous ministration for many administrations before them allowed foreign nations to plunder our country, steal our jobs and to take our wealth and it's all coming back. Did you notice? It's all coming back. [applause] we are ending the rampant theft of American jobs, knocking down barriers to American farmers and opening brand-new markets for American agriculture. But despite our amazing success the Democrat party has never been angrier. They are so angry. Did you ever see a people so angry? For what? These are angry people. Every day the Democrat party is becoming more and more unhinged and more and more extreme. They are going crazy. Do you love it? [applause] they can't see straight everyday. They waited for the mueller report and they were waiting and I was there guide and your 18 angry Democrats all Democrats many of them contributed to crooked hillary and these were the people that were looking at me with no collusion and had no collusion but leading to no obstruction, no nothing and now they say can we have a do over? Know. We don't want to give them a do over. They are playing games. More than 100 Democrats in Congress signed up for the bernie sanders government takeover of healthcare which would eliminate the private health insurance that many of the people in this room have. We have 180 million americans having great private healthcare and that's what they want and that would all be taken away. Democrats also support the 100 trillion-dollar green new deal, how about that beauty? Green new deal. [crowd boos] conceived and made up by a young woman who is , well, let's see how she works out. [laughter] it would totally destroy the American economy other than that, it's not bad. [laughter] they think they can do it for 100 trillion but according to if you go by that rule every single bill building in york would have to be ripped down and rebuilt as a different building. Buildings in new york you would not have windows. Would anyone like that? A building without windows. I think that will be pretty. Green new deal. Real pretty. I don't want to talk about it. I don't want to go to strong tonight. We won't talk about it. None run against them so badly. Like they flip these policies so quickly. [laughter] it's true. Based upon these policies so quickly. Everybody forgets that you go from one thing for a lifetime and flip and go to something totally different the opposite and then they flip back but depends on which race they are running in but the Democrat party is really now the socialist party and the Democrats have never been more out of touch with the mainstream. Totally out of touch. They want open borders which brings crime, drugs for human trafficking in virtually every top Democrat in the country now supports taxpayer-funded abortion right up until birth and how about in virginia? Were not talking up until birth but the governor of virginia said after birth. The baby is born and you gently wrap the baby and then you talk to the mother and maybe the father and determine whether or not you will execute the baby. This baby is born. This is what they want. Republicans believe every life is a sacred gift from God. [cheering and applause] thank you. You better get out and vote. That's all I can tell you. Businesses will be taken away, taxes will be quadrupled, better get out and vote. Very serious thing happening to our country. We never done better and it's really easy as a socialist to say when you do well let's do this and will take this and give you free this but nothing is free. You are paying for. There is nothing free. They will destroy this country will be another venezuela. That country was really wealthy 15 years ago but have destroyed that country and I look at it every day. Were studying venezuela and what happened to that country is beyond belief, truly a wealthy country and they don't have water they don't have food. They don't have hospitals and it's incredible. Don't let it happen to us. That is why I passed Congress in one case in it so important to prohibit all sorts of things that we just can't have but want to prohibit extreme late-term abortion. We have to do it. [applause] even a lot of Democrats agree with us on that. A lot of people agree with us on that. That's why I oppose any effort to use taxpayer hard earned dollars to subsidize the abortion industry. [applause] nowhere have the Democrat party become more dangerous or more radical than on border security. Can you believe what's going on? They know it's wrong. But they do this and think it's good politically but I think it's terrible politically. They are hurting themselves politically? Right now mexico is doing more for border security than the Democrats. Can you believe this? Do you believe this? It's one of those things. You probably have noticed over the last three days what happened with respect to the border in mexico. None thank mexico. The tariffs were important but they stepped up after many years stepped up to the plate and the President is a great gentleman and we had a great talk over the last couple of days and met with their people and we have things we never thought possible and we got things we never thought possible. It will be a big difference and were building a wall that is starting or started a while ago. [cheering and applause] by next year at the end of the year we will have close to 500 miles of wall but now are being sued by everybody but did you see we won the lawsuit last week? We want a big lawsuit on the wall. We won a lawsuit on the wall, kim, how about that? I celebrate all night for about ten minutes and then went back to work. This really is the defining issue of 2020. When it comes to immigration Democrats no longer represent American citizens. Where are they coming from? About the Democrats is about four totally open borders and all equals a massive cost and equals massive crime and it equals things that nobody can believe. Take a look at what is happening. The problems with disease coming into our country. People say don't say that, that's not nice but it happens to be true but the disease and the problems coming in and it's a very sad situation. California wants to take care of everybody and they will end up quadrupling in size in two months if they don't be careful. It's crazy what's happening. What's happening folks, is crazy. We will bring it back in the party brought back to rationality but when you look at sanctuary city's and look at the tremendous , they want to get rid of i. c. e. I. c. e. Is the one that goes in and they go in and they will attack some of the worst criminals in the world like ms 13 and chop people up and cut people down and like nice because they're more painful than a bullet. But they have done to young women and what they've done two men and what they've done to everybody and what we've done and to them it's just another day at the office because they are tougher and stronger and patriots but they are mentally great and they will go against some real deviance and taking them out of the country and bring them out by the thousands and getting them out. Democrats want to get rid of i. c. e. Can you believe that? We will not have it. Iowa will not have it. We're not going to fall for that but I want to say i. c. e. And the border patrol , border patrol has apprehended over the last three months not the biggest in 15, 16, 17 years they are apprehending hundreds of thousands of people a month but now that should start slowing down substantially because mexico's sending 6000 troops to the border and no one thought that would happen but it's a great thing that is happening because we have a country that we have to work and we have a country that we have to run and a vote for republicans is a vote for safe family, safe communities and strong borders. We want people to come to our country but they have to come in legally and come in through marriage. We want people that can help us and have to come in through marriage so we will probably get that at some point I don't think it'll be that far into the future. We believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding americans, not criminal aliens. [cheering and applause] we are joined in honor tonight to be with a very special woman, angel mom, I love angel moms. Great people. Their lives have been so horribly hurt but michelle is a special woman whose precious, beautiful daughter, sarah, was killed by an illegal alien one day after graduating from college with a 4. 0 gpa, the highest marks you can get for those of you who don't understand that. That was the highest , highest marks, number one student in the class. Please, come up. Please, come up. [applause] thank you, michelle. [applause] a great woman. An even greater man. This man gave us a voice. Angel families a voice. No other President would hear our story. I was fortunate if you want to say fortunate enough to have him in the running to become our President. A lot of other angel families did not have that voice. We have always had that voice for sarah. She was killed january 31, 2016 with in one day of graduating with a bachelor's as the President has said, 4. 0 and criminal investigation. Her killer was eckstein years old when he came across the border unaccompanied illegally and he killed my daughter at age 19 and had a blood alcohol of point to 41, street racing, hit the back of my daughters suv that was stopped at a stop light going 70 plus miles an hour. My daughter did not have a chance. I do not , the reason I speak out is I don't get sarah back at the end of the day. I speak out because I don't want this happening to any of you. Our wonderful President stands by us and does everything in his power to help us because he does not want to see another family go through what we have gone through. I thank him for that and proud of him for standing as strong as he has against the opposition he has to face daily. I am so proud of you. So is my family and friends. [applause] your beautiful girl is looking down at you right now and say i'm proud of my mom. Thank you. Thank you very much. [applause] gotten to know a lot of angel moms and dads and families and what they are gone through is incredible. For no reason whatsoever. We promise to always remember sarah and fight in her memory to protect america's children. None thank you very much for being here and for being my friend for a long time. A lot of friends. A lot of friends. Thank you. [applause] the angel moms are incredible people what they have to go through, I cannot imagine. Illegal immigration not only threatens public safety but drains the public treasury and overcrowding schools and hospitals and depleting the resources low income americans depend on. You see what's happening in California when they just announced a plan to get free healthcare to illegal immigrants when it should very well be used all of that money to provide housing and hospitalization and medical for the rising number of homeless people than the democratic city of los angeles and san francisco. Can you believe what's going on there? People are getting sick by walking down the street. Getting actually sick including police officers who are incredible. The job are law-enforcement does is incredible. [applause] Democrats for the need of illegal aliens before and republicans believe you must always take care of our citizens first. We have that obligation. My administration proposed a rule to ensure that our limited supply of public housing is used for those who follow our laws, not those who break them. We don't have any provisions , [applause] that say the wrong people can't live in this very expensive housing that our government builds and we will finish the wall, it's happening, it's going up quickly as I said and were proud of what were doing. Were doing a lot more than were being fought at every corner, no matter where we go it's a lawsuit or another lawsuit and another lawsuit but the incredible thing is that almost every Democrat just a number of years ago wanted a wall and it did not go built because they do not know how to build it but they wanted a wall. They gave it up in one case and had them all set and gave it back. A year later or two years later but he wanted a wall and without that it's just a very tough situation although now I think we have something that will help greatly but every day its promises made and promises kept and that's a great big obligation. Very big obligation. Thanks to all her bold initiative to bring down the price of prescription drugs they went down for the first time in 52 years. [applause] we passed in the va we passed the a choice, you know what was happening? They get in line and wait for seven days and think of yourselves, you are all spoiled people. If you had to wait for two hours you'd be angry at the doctor. Right? They wait for seven days. They wait for 12 days or two months and then there be a line forever and sometimes they be up there with a very small problem and end up being terminally ill by the time they got to a doctor. We passed choices so they have a choice. If they had a weight they go outside and go to a local doctor pay for the doctor and our veterans for taking care of but the crazy thing is we save money I doing that but we save a lot of money and everybody is happy about it in for 44 years to be trying to get past and I got a pass. My initiation and a proud of everyone who worked on it and we passed also another one that was 45 years, ba account ability. Ba account ability. [applause] people who wanted the va to be sadistic and horrible things to our debts which they would not have done in prime time because they were not have lasted I second but they were sadistic and the thieves and robbing people and hurting people, our that's. You cannot fire them. We passed through the republic and senate and we got it done. We got it all done. Va account ability to be a choice and va account ability and I look at whoever can take me and say you're fired, get out. You're fired. Get out. [applause] that's a big thing. Having people they had one case where someone stole a half-million dollars and they knew they were guilty and you cannot fire them. They could prosecute them but cannot fire them. It's like impossible to , brinkley, to deal with unions and civil service and it's not as easy as I say but 45 years they've been trying to change but we change that one in 44 years for choice we change that one so done a great job for the veterans and doing a this in the job and for the first time in many years we are very proud of them. Thank you. [applause] we have confirmed more than 107 federal judges right now as I speak and we should be up quickly to 145 and that includes two outstanding supreme court justices, neil gorsuch an brett kavanaugh. Big thing. [applause] 145 of the federal judges in a short period of time and were getting them approved very quickly for up to 107 but no one would've believed us. I signed in order to protect free speech on college campuses. You see what's happening? Were sending a clear message to big tech do not censor the American people because they are censoring certain groups of people and that is not right. [applause] at our urging we are finally seeing more attention paid to the need for better forest management and I mentioned the term when I was in California at the worst forest fires anyone has ever seen. A tremendous number of people killed in one particular area so great, people so great but it was like a blowtorch, 84-mile an hour winds and this was the steel for the few houses that had steel structure it was noted. It was noted. He never found the people in it was total consideration and I said you need forest management but they did not know what i'm talking about. They smiled and laughed and turned out I was right. They have 15, 20 years of debris piled up on the floor of the forest and it was so dry like a bone that if you touch it with even a cigarette it lights 100,000, 200,000 acres and now they agree with me and cleaning up the forest and maybe you will see it but they've not done enough work at but it makes a tremendous difference. Other people come to me from other countries and say, sir, you're right about the force. We live in a forest nation and we are a forest nation and very interesting. Finland, austria, others they are in a forest nation they say. We take care of our forests. We do what you have to do you have to get rid of those trees when they fall because within 18 months there literally like a match. We were not doing that in fact environmentally they do not want us to touch those and they thought it was wonderful, let them lay on the ground but you can't do that. Now you're doing a lot of work on that whole subject for forest management and you'll see a big difference in the not-too-distant future. As we restore American strength at home we are also restoring American power abroad and the eight-year apology to her is over. We don't apologize. [cheering and applause] we don't apologize for America. We stand up for America. We now stand up for our country and have a great country. We have a great rate country and stand up for it. In a change from the past we are pursuing our interest without getting our nation bogged down in analyst, costly foreign entanglements and that may change and there are some bad things going on out there that should have been stopped long before this administration and maybe long before the previous administration when you look at North Korea and Iran when you look at other places but I do believe we've got it under control and do believe we have it under control. It should have been done a long time ago with so many different things could be done so much easier if it was a long time ago but they never got it done and never did it and should have done it but will take care of it for you. [applause] thanks to the skill and tremendous courage of our brave warriors and their allies, phthisis caliphate has now been completely decimated in Syria. We have done that. [applause] you have to understand these are crazy people and these are really crazy, sick people. When I say it's done nothing is never done but we take it back all the land, one 100% of the land and when I took over it was shown in red and was a sea of red and every month it was less and less and as you saw two months ago completed that but that does not mean we don't walk into a store with a bomb and blow up a store because these people are stone cold crazy. Not good. Not good at all. I withdrew the United States from the disastrous Iran nuclear deal and what a difference that makes. [cheering and applause] the previous administration gave 150 billion dollars to Iran and they gave 1. 8 billion in cash. Think of that, 1. 8 billion in cash. Cash. Don't over in airplanes and massive amounts of cash and no one has seen a billion in cash. They did not even have enough American money in our tri-state area next to washington with all how big it is they do not have the money so they had to get money from other countries to bring it in cash and give them 1. 8 billion in cash. We got nothing. We got a bad deal, that's what we got. We ended the deal and when they signed the deal they were screaming death to America. Do you remember? They don't talk that way anymore. They better not be talking that way anymore. [cheering and applause] after decades of broken promises we open the American embassy in Jerusalem. [applause] many presidents have promised we will open the American embassy and they campaigned and never did it. But I did it and then on top of that just three weeks ago the United States acknowledged israel's sovereignty over the golan heights, big thing. Big, big thing. [applause] that's been going on for many years and many presidents that they would do that but they never did. I did it and it was just fine. Great thing for israel. It's a great thing for a lot of different people but you need the golan heights for security and proper security and we got it done. The overwhelmingly majority of americans support their login agenda of portable care, safe job, low taxes and secure borders. Very simple. Very simple. [cheering and applause] and the vast majority of the people not only in this room but all over this country opposed the Democrat platform of mass migration, high taxes, high crime, late-term abortion and later than late-term abortion hoaxes and delusions. The republican party is the party of the American family, American worker, American farmer and the American dream. We believe in the constitution and the rule of law. We believe in the dignity of work in the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe children should be taught to love our country, honor our history and always respect dearly our great American flag. We believe all americans share one magnificent destiny as one team, one people in one glorious nation under God. [applause] we fight on behalf of hard-working citizens who pour out their heart and soul and sweat every day to earn a living and take your other family and pay their taxes, follow our laws, raise their children and safeguard the values that made America the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth. [applause] and in our country right now we are doing so much better in almost always then it's ever done before. You look at our economy and look at our military and look at so many different things we are doing better than ever before and it's largely because of people like you and you work hard and you work smart and work honestly and we appreciate it very much. Thank you. [applause] this land is your home. These American patriots have always been loyal to our country and now they are finally having a President who is loyal to them and it's about time, isn't it? [cheering and applause] everyday for the next 16 months we will keep on fighting and keep on working and we will keep on winning. We will win it for you. We will win again in 2020. [applause] keep America great. And in 2020 iowa will once again be at the center of the action, remember I said will keep iowa first. Remember that? Jeff, do you remember that? Mac that was a big move to move iowa to the back of the line or center of the line but we worked very hard and I said I win. We are keeping it. Were keeping it right where it is. It's also a great tradition. Wouldn't look terrible if I what was the 32nd nation in the voting line I don't think it would look too good. Jeff, you worked hard on that and I appreciate it. Thank you. [applause] right here in the hawkeye state the backyards and living rooms and town halls and fairgrounds and diners in coffee shops all across the state you will be the ones to shape america's future and you have a very important state politically in a very important state but what happens here oftentimes determines what happens for our country in terms of the most important and most powerful position in the world. You will be the ones to make American history and you will be once again the ones too, in a sense truly, lead our country to victory. None thank all the people from iowa. You've been very special to me and it been important place and special to me. I love the people. You are incredible people. Hard-working, successful and one thing I can tell you about people from iowa never, ever give up. You never, ever quit. That is for sure. [applause] I want to thank iowa for being so good to me and I will say tonight, God bless you and God bless America. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you very much. (music) (music) (music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) for 40 years c-span has been providing America unfiltered coverage of congress, the white house, the supreme court in public policy events from washington dc and around the country. You can make up your own mind. Greeted by cable in 1979 c-span is brought to you by your local or cable satellite provider. C-span, your unfiltered view of government.