ID: CSPANDT239201913
Title: Presidential Remarks on Religious Freedom
Date: 2019-09-23

Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the President of the united states, donald j. Trump and the secretary of the united nations accompanied by Vice President of United States mike Pence. United States ambassador to the united nations kelly craft, United States secretary of state mike pompeo. [applause] good morning everyone. Across the countries and cultures we come together as one united by our belief , this understanding is not universal. Today all over the world people of faith face a rising tide of persecution. We have witnessed horrific acts of violence committed against worshipers in mosques, churches and synagogues. We have watched the arbitrary detention and mistreatment of religious minorities in countries around the globe. And we have felt the chill of a world that seems increasingly disinterested in defending the rights of all people to exercise a sincerely held religious belief. As leaders, at times such as this calls us to demonstrate our commitment to religious liberty not only in word but in deed which is why i'm so extraordinarily pleased and honored we are joined by President Donald Trump and Vice President mike Pence. [applause] under the leadership of these men, the United States is not only , just two months ago President trump posted victims of religious persecution at a historic event at the white house, his administration has vigorously defended religious liberty and the freedom and you'd the , in the United States. The state department has become a watchful defender religious liberties, especially through the 2019 ministerial to advance religious freedom, the largest freedom event of its kind in the world. We anticipate a fruitful discussion today on how we can expand religious liberty, guarantee the sanctity of half , of houses of worship and combat religious persecution around the world and i'm so delighted you joined us for this event. It is really hard for me to think of a better person to introduce to a gathering of the freedom of religions in the world. He knows what religion is, what support it can give to the individual and to society's. He is an unpretentious man who not only believes in the power of religion, he lives his religion. With respect and even piety. He respects the faith of others, he is that great exemplar, a hard-working family man born in indiana proud of his state, prouder of his country and a first-class demonstration of President trump's wisdom in selecting those who serve him closest. It is my pleasure to introduce you to the vice president, my friend, mike Pence. [applause] vice pres. Pence: mr. President, secretary-general iteris , secretary-general guterres, ambassador craft and secretary pompeo, distinct members of congress, world leaders and most especially to the courageous men and women who joined us here today who have suffered persecution and violence for simply living out your faith. Whether that be christianity, judaism, buddhism or islam. It is my great honor to be here today with the President of the United States to reaffirm america's commitment to what the people of our nation have always believed that every person is endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights. The americans have always believed our first freedom is the freedom of religion. None President Donald Trump becomes the first American President to convene a meeting here in the united nations on religious freedom and it is my great honor to introduce him. [applause] vice pres. Pence: there is no better time for a meeting like this on the world stage as we gather here the united nations more than 80% of the world's population live in nations where religious freedom is threatened. Or band. Regime in a ran brutally persecutes christians, sunnis. In iraq, Iran backed militias terrorize christians and he is edie's were nearly wiped out by Isis recent campaign of genocide. The communist party in China has arrested christian pastors, banned the sale of bibles, demolished churches and imprisoned more than a million , in the muslim population. The regime of daniel ortega is waging war on the catholic church in nicaragua and venezuela the dictator nicolas maduro uses anti-hate laws to prosecute clergy even as they spread anti-semitism by trivializing the holocaust. Commuters of faith across the wider world have faced unspeakable acts of violence in places of worship. Shocking the conscience of the world. In october, 11 jews were murdered at the tree of life synagogue massacre in pittsburgh, pennsylvania. In march, a gunman killed 51 muslims of prayer at two mosques in christchurch, New Zealand and just a month later suicide bombers murdered more than 300 christians during easter services at three christian churches. These attacks strike at the heart of everything free people hold sacred. And the threats of religious freedom and the attacks on people of faith underscore why President trump has taken such decisive action since the very first days of our administration to build and promote our nations proud tradition of advancing religious freedom and that continues today. At the president's direction the United States created the genocide recovery and persecution response program and we provided more than $370 million to eight ethnic minorities and faith communities persecuted by Isis in iraq and throughout the region. Earlier this year at the presence direction the secretary of state held the second annual ministerial to advance religious freedom providing more than 1000 civil society and religious leaders and 100 different nations to the largest event of its kind in the world. Last year at the inaugural ministerial at the president's direction we establish the international religious freedom fund which already has received nearly $5 million in pledges and given over 435 rapid response grants to those persecuted for their deeply held beliefs. Antedate this effort has helped some 2000 victims of religious persecution around the world. As the President often says america's nation of faith. And we will always stand for the freedom of religion of every person, of every race and every creed to live, to work, to worship according to the dictates of their conscience. Giving evidence of his passion for religious liberty, the President will announce additional steps the United States will take to protect religious liberties and defend people of faith around the world. This is a very special day and I always say it , it is a high honor to induce this President. To be here this historic gathering, leaders around the world standing for the first freedom of religious liberty is among the greatest honors i've ever had. So let me say it is my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce to you a tireless champion of the freedom of religion and people of every faith in America and around the world, the 45th President of the United States of america, President Donald Trump. [applause] an honor it is. It is long overdue. And great to be with you. None thank Vice President Pence for the outstanding job he is doing and has been fantastic as a representative of our country. Likewise secondary mike pompeo, ambassador kelly craft, secretary ross, secretary minutia and investor sam brownback all for joining us today and we have other representatives of our cabinet and the administration and we have done a lot. The johnson a minute doesn't get spoken about enough but in very proud to say we have obliterated the johnson amendment within our country so that now we can listen to the people we want to listen to religious leaders without recrimination against them, it's a very important thing and I said that beginning and I say that now is some thing a very proud of. We are also grateful the u. n. None-general could be here along with so many of his friends and my friends, world leaders i've got to know a lot of them and I can imagine you know all of them. I would imagine. If you don't you're not doing your job. [laughter] I want to think my daughter ivanka for being here. She worked so hard on all of the things that are very important to the people in this room. Thank you the United States is founded on the principle that our rights do not come from government, they come from god, this immortal truth is proclaimed in our declaration of independence and enshrined in our first amendment to our constitution, bill of rights, our founders understood that no right is more fundamental to a peaceful prosperous and virtuous society than the right to follow one's religious convictions. Regrettably, religious freedom enjoyed by American citizens is rare in the world. Approximately 80% of the world population live in countries where religious liberties threaten, restricted or even band. When I heard that number I said please go back and check because it can't possibly be correct. Sadly it was. 80%. As we speak, jews, christians, muslims, buddhists, hindus, sikhs, many other people of faith are being jailed, sanctioned, tortured and even murdered even at the hands of their own government simply for expressing their deeply held religious beliefs. So hard to believe. Today with one clear voice the United States of America calls upon the nations of the world to end religious persecution. [laughter] [applause] , [applause] [applause] to stop the crimes against people of faith, release prisoners of conscience, repeal laws and restricting freedom of religion and belief, protect the vulnerable, the defenseless and the oppressed, America stands with believers in every country who ask only for the freedom to live according to the faith that is within their own hearts as president, protecting religious freedom is one of my highest priorities and always has been. Last year our secretary of state mike pompeo hosted the first ever ministerial to advance international religious freedom and this year's ministerial, secretary pompeo announced plans to create the international religious freedom alliance, an alliance of like-minded nations devoted to confronting religious persecution all around the world. I've appointed a special envoy to monitor and combat anti-semitism, we are standing up for almost 250 million christians around the world who are persecuted who have faith it is estimated that 11 christians are killed every day for the following , just think of this, 11 christians a day for following the teachings of christ, who would even think that's possible? In this day and age, who would think if that is possible? With us today is pastor andrew brunson, who was imprisoned in turkey for a long period of time. Might ministration was road to bring him back home after a very short and respectful negotiation with a very strong man and a man who has become a friend of mine fortunately, President erdogan of turkey. I called the President and said he has been in his , he is an innocent man. I don't think previous administrations try too hard unfortunately but I want to thank presidente erdogan and I want to thank andrew. Where is he? [applause] we did a good job with that negotiation per you got back. It wasn't easy, wasn't pretty, but you got back and we are proud of you. You have a great family. The love from so many people, I hadn't seen anything quite like it so congratulations and they understand you are doing fantastic work with your family. Thank you, andrew. [applause] I also want to thank franklin graham because he has been so instrumental in everything we are doing, such an incredible job in so many ways include floods and hurricanes and every time I go I see him and he's always there before me. I'm going to beat him one day but he is always at these places of really disaster areas. He is right there, incredible large staff of volunteers that are just amazing. Thank you very much. [applause] in july I met with survivors of religious persecution at the white house and were honored that many of them could be here today as well. Some of these individuals suffered as a result of state-sponsored persecution, others of the hands of terrorists and criminals, no matter the case America will always be a voice for victims of religious persecution everywhere no matter where you go, you have a place in the United States of America. Could I ask those folks to stand up please? Please stand up. [applause] in recent times the world has also witnessed devastating acts of violence in sacred places of worship, in 2016 and 85-year-old catholic priest was viciously killed while celebrating mass in normandy, france. The past year the United States endured horrifying anti-somatic attacks against jewish americans at synagogues in pennsylvania and California. In march, muslims praying with their families were sadistically murdered in New Zealand. On easter sunday this year, terrorists bombed christian churches in sri lanka, killing hundreds of faithful worshipers so we , these people attacks are a wound on all humanity. We must all work together to protect communities of every faith, we are also urging every nation to increase prosecution and punishment of crimes against religious communities. There can be no greater crime than that. This includes measures to prevent the intentional destruction of religious sites and relics. Today the trump administration will dedicate an additional $25 million to protect religious freedom and religious sites and rep , relics. We are also pleased to be joined by many from the business community as we announce a very critical initiative. The United States is forming a coalition of u. s. Businesses for the protection of religious freedom. This is the first time this has been done. This will encourage the private sector to protect people of all faiths in the workplace. The private sector has brilliant leadership and that's why some of the people in this room are among the most successful men and women on earth. They know how things get done and they know how to take care of things and they are with us now for the first time to this extent. First time ever and we are honored to have you in the room. Great business leaders, great people of strength, too often people in positions of power preach diversity while silencing or censoring the faithful. True tolerance means respecting the right of all people to express their deeply held religious beliefs. For I conclude I want to thank all of the survivors in the room for their courage, you are an inspiration to the world, your mind is that no force on earth is stronger than the faith of religious believers. United States of America will forever remain at your side and the side of all those who seek religious freedom. Today I ask all nations to join us in this urgent moral duty, we ask the governments of the world to honor the eternal right of every person to follow their conscience and live by their faith and give glory to God. The United States has a vital role in this critical mission. None-general guterres will now share words on the effort to promote religious liberty for all and he has been a champion of what we are in this room for so I want to thank everybody for being here, God bless you, God bless the faithful and God bless America. Thank you very much.