ID: CSPANDT18201910
Title: President Trump in Cincinnati, Ohio
Date: 2019-08-01

Thank you all, thank you very much. Thank you to Vice President mike Pence. And hello, cincinnati. [cheering] you know, I used to work in cincinnati. A place called swift in the village. Do you know what that is? It was good. It worked out well. And he gives you confidence when things work out well at a young age. And look what happened to all of us, right? Look what happened. Look what happened! But I was watching the so-called debate last night -- [booing] and I also watched the night before, that was long, long television. And the Democrats spend more time attacking barack obama than they did attacking me, practically. [laughter] [cheering] and this morning, that is all the fake news was talking about. [booing] that was not pretty. No, we are doing good. It's great to be back in the state that I love. I love this state. Very special. [cheering] very, very special on the banks of the beautiful ohio river, with the hard-working patriots of the American heartland. Thank you, ohio. We love you, ohio. [cheering] though we have thousands of people standing outside, and I asked the officials, can we sneaks up -- sneak some up along the aisle? But I tell you what, this is some crowd, some turnout. We have sold tens of thousands of tickets. You know what the sale price is, we keep it nice and low. We keep it nice and low. [cheering] but there never has. Been a movement like this. This is a movement the likes of which they have never seen before. Baby anywhere. But certainly in this country. They have never seen anything like this before. You came from the mountains on the rivers, and you came -- I mean look, from wherever you came from, there were a lot of you. And they showed up on election day, I will never forget, a wonderful Congressman from tennessee to have early voting, one of the earliest places, great state, tennessee, and he said -- he was in pennsylvania with me, great state, and he said you know sir, I have been doing this for a long time, but I have never seen people like this show up for early voting. People that have not voted in a long time because they did not see anybody they wanted to vote for. He said i've never seen -- they have trump banners and trump hats and trump buttons. [cheering] true. In this great Congressman said, I don't know, but I can tell you one thing, if the rest of the country is voting like tennessee is voting, you are going to win by a lot. And we won. And we won by a lot. [cheering] our nation is stronger today than ever before. [cheering] we have the number one economy on earth. No economy is close. [cheering] we are rebuilding the awesome might of the United States military, and soon it will be stronger, relatively speaking, than at any time in our history. And when we took over, it was depleted. [cheering] we took over a depleted military. It is not depleted anymore, I can tell you that. Our spirit is strong, our stride is back, and our stand is clear. We are finally putting America first. It is about time. [cheering] [chanting "usa!"] we have created 6 million new jobs since election day. More than 7 million americans have been lifted off of food stamps. [cheering] and they are happy. They are happy. 123,000 more ohio workers are employed today than when I was elected. Think of that number. [cheering] and right now, ohio is the most successful it has ever been in the history of our country. Thank you. Congratulations, ohio. [cheering] get up, mike! And you have a good governor, I want to tell you. Good job, mike. Unemployment has reached the lowest rate in over half a century. And unemployment for african-americans, hispanic americans, and asian americans have all reached the lowest rates ever recorded. [cheering] while republicans are working every day to build up our country, the rage filled Democrat party is trying to tear America apart. [booing] the Democrat party is now being led by four left-wing extremists who reject everything that we hold dear. [booing] no one has paid a higher price for the far left, destructive agenda than americans living in our nation's inner cities. They have paid a dear price. You see what is happening. You see our inner cities. We've spent billions and billions and billions of four years and years and years, and it has stolen money and it has wasted money, and it is a shame. [booing] for decades, these communities have been run exclusively by Democrat politicians. And it has been total one-party control of the inner cities. For a hundred years, it has been one-party control, and look at it. We can name one after another but I won't do that. Because I do not want to be controversial. [laughter] we want no controversy. [cheering] the Democrat record is one of neglect and corruption and decay. Total decay. The Democrats have taxed and regulated jobs and opportunity out of these cities and out of existence. They have squeezed the blood out of them. Left-wing mayors and city councils have opposed school choice, trapping children and failing in government schools left and right. So many of these mayors right now, you know what they are? They are in jail. That is where they are. [cheering] republicans believe that every parent has the right to send their children to the school of their choice. [cheering] but the greatest betrayal committed by the Democrats is their support for open borders. [booing] and these open borders would overwhelm schools and hospitals, drain public services, and flood communities with poisonous drugs. It is tough enough. And I want to thank, by the way, the country of mexico. They have 21,000 soldiers on the border right now. [cheering] i'm starting to like mexico a lot. They do a lot more for us than the Democrats do, right? A lot more. [cheering] in the numbers are way down, you will see that, way, way down. Democrat lawmakers care more about illegal aliens than they care about their own constituents. They put foreign citizens before American citizens. We are not going to do that. [booing] 572 people were murdered in chicago last year. [booing] [cheering] [chanting "usa!"] [cheering] Democrat mayor. Democrat mayor. Democrat. You must have a Democrat mayor. Do you have a Democrat mayor? [booing] [cheering] come on, law enforcement. Democrat mayor. [chanting] [cheering] cincinnati, do you have a Democrat mayor? Well that is what happened. You see, there are thousands of people outside. Can I said -- we set a new record tonight at this arena. But we could get -- [cheering] but we could get a few more on the floors, if you more up here. And they are outside where it is 100 degrees out. And they were not able to let us. And I said, is that run by the Democrats? The answer is yes. You have a lot of hot people outside. But we broke the all-time record. So -- [cheering] the homicide rate in baltimore is significantly higher than el salvador, honduras, guatemala. I believe it is higher than -- give me a place that you think is pretty bad? The guy says, afghanistan. I believe it is higher than afghanistan. In our country, think of that, I believe -- we will check the numbers, and if they are wrong, they will tell us tomorrow, they will be headlines "trump exaggerated. " I do believe the rate is higher than afghanistan. Yet Democrats want to spend hundreds of billions of dollars on illegal migrants instead of supporting their own struggling communities. No good. No good. [booing] the conditions in nancy pelosi's once great city of san francisco are deplorable. They are deplorable. Do you remember the word deplorable? You remember when hillary used the word deplorable? She used two words. She used deplorable and irredeemable, right? [booing] and only being a politician for a few years, I said, what a terrible mistake that she used the word irredeemable. But it turned out to be deplorable. Deplorable was not a good day for hillary. Crooked hillary. She is a crooked one. Crooked. [cheering] she is crooked. Nearly half of all the homeless people living in this -- in the streets of America happen to live in the state of California. What they are doing to our beautiful California is a disgrace to our country. It is a shame. The world is looking at it. Look at los angeles, with the tense and the horrible, horrible disgusting conditions. Look at san francisco, look at some of your other cities, and then you have a governor, you have a governor that invites the whole world to come into california, we will pay for your health care. And then you wonder why so many people are coming up. They are coming up because with the hottest economic country in the world, but they are also coming up because you have people like that governor saying come on up, we will give you health care. Who wouldn't come up? Who wouldn't come up? How crazy is this? How crazy is this? Schools, health care. None I have a simple proposal for Democrat leaders to support legislation to end illegal migration, and we will use the vast savings to rebuild our inner cities. That is the way we should be doing it. [cheering] by the way, you know, they keep talking about the voters, the voters, the voters. What about a thing called voter id? Voter identification. [cheering] rob portman, please work on that, rob portman. You have a great Senator. Will you please work on that? Every place I go, rob. Please, rob. Voter id. They give you everything they can give you except voter id and the things that matter. Republicans believe that a nation was -- must care for its own citizens first. Our pledge to america's workers has secured commitments to train more than 12 million americans for the jobs of tomorrow. You know who is working very hard on that? You probably have never heard of her. Ivanjkaka trump. [cheering] she is working very hard. She gave up a lot. She had a very easy life. But she loves doing it. She has over 12 million people, teaching them, their great companies of our country, teaching people how to do it. It is an incredible thing to watch. To give former prisoners a second chance at life, we pass groundbreaking criminal justice reform that nobody could have passed except us. [cheering] President obama tried. A lot of them tried. They couldn't get it passed. I got it passed with a lot of help from liberals and conservatives. The biggest beneficiary is the african-american community. The biggest beneficiary. Right? [cheering] and something which a lot of people don't talk about but we doubled the child tax credit. Doubled it. And our tax plan also created nearly 9000 opportunity zones, hottest thing going, providing mattis -- massive new investment for job creation in this -- in the stressed communities. You ok? Take your time. Take your time. Doctor? Doctor in the house, please. Ok? Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, doctor. Thank you. [cheering] don't forget, it is 100 degrees in here. That person has been standing there for almost a day, if you think about it. I appreciate it. You know what? They will come back. They will get a little something and they will come right back. Because there has never been anything like this. There has never been anything, right? [cheering] thank you. Incredible. We established more than 300 opportunity zones in ohio alone. These are really working out incredibly well. Nationwide, nearly 8 million african live in opportunity zones, but every Democrat voted against them. Every single Democrat. Because it is the only thing they do good, they stick together. Their policy is no good, they're lousy -- they are lousy politicians but they stick together like glue. The only thing they have. [booing] that is the only thing they have going. Democrats deliver poverty for their constituents and privilege for themselves. Republicans deliver jobs, safety, and opportunity for all americans. [cheering] and we are thrilled to be joined tonight by many terrific republican leaders, and we will start off with a man who had a very, very tough race for governor. A lot of people choke. They choke like dogs they can't breathe. They can't breathe. This guy was running against a so-called star. [booing] [cheering]. [chants of u. s. a. ] so that's two protesters and tomorrow night will be protesters, protesters. You know what happened to sebgdcond one? He looked at the guy in front of him and he said i'm out of here, bye. [cheers and applause] that's the way it works, I guess. Too bad. But a man who really has done a fantastic job, he campaigned so hard, and this was a star right from the fields of the great poke honor -- pocahontas who is trying to lie and compete her way to the presidency. She defrauded people with her credentials. She said she was indian. And I said I have more indian blood than she does and I have none, i'm sorry. And we drove her crazy. That is good, not bad. She went out and had a blood test done and it came out 1 p 1,024th. He saeudid place back there years there may have been an indian or it may have been a statistical error because it was so small, which it was. But the guy was like from her group. You wouldn't be very happy right now and we have a man that campaigned so hard, relentless and I came in, we did a rally where we had people like this, it was packed the day before the election and mike dewine won that election and he won it easily. [cheers and applause] and we have a man who is running for governor of kentucky again. And he's done an incredible job. Sometimes you can do such a good job that not everybody praorbs -- appreciates it. When you correct it you make yourself a little bit less popular. But he had no choice. It is a great, great state. And he's turned out to be a great, great governor, matt bevan. Cheers clears -- [cheers and applause] he is running in november. Because I like him so much, matt get a nice big arena, i'm going to did rally for you. And a man whose fantastic son is here tonight who I just met, incredible. When I ran with him he was down. I said, you know, rob portman is down. Then about four weeks later he was up by 24 points. I said what the hell did you do? You know what he did? He does a great job. That's what he did. Senator rob portman. Great guy. We have a few guys that these are warriors. A couple of them you saw them the other day. They were questioning bob mueller. That was a beauty. He was sharp, wasn't he? He was sharp as a task tack. And steve and warren and andy and greg Pence happens to be a brother of somebody I know very well. They have been with us through thick and thin and mostly really good times because what we have done no other administration in the first two and a half years ago in history has done. [cheers and applause] thank you, fellows. Great job. A couple of them gave a grilling. All they had to do is mention the facts and it was over. And also the auditor of the great state of ohio, a man whose job I made much easier because you have money pouring in, companies pouring in, keith favor. How is it, keith? The numbers are good, right? Yeah, the numbers are good. Ohio senate President larry opomps. Great job. Nice tie. I like larry's tie. You have a couple of people that are very, very powerful. I hear that often and I shudder. Ohio supreme court justices sharon Kennedy and judey french, thank you. [cheers and applause] and please don't recuse yourself should I ever be before you. I love judges when they see you about two seconds apbdnd you say oh, that judge should be fair. Then they say I would like to recuse myself. Because 29 years ago I phetmet Donald Trump. We have been doing very well in the courts. We have been winning a lot of cases. We have now appoint eded 148 -- this of this -- federal judges, 148. Within about two months mitch mcconnell, senate. Rob portman has helped so much. Listen to this. 179. Percentage-wise it is the second most -- we will never be number one. Sadly we will never be number within. Personal-wise -- number one. That is because President obama was not able for about three years to get his people in, which is a shame. I came in I had 148 openings. I said you are supposed to have none. How many do we have? 148. You have to be kidding. We have all done a good job together, rob with mitch, you and everybody. Within two months we will be at 179 federal judges. That's in 2 1/2 years. And what elementsse? Two great supreme court judges. Great ones. And there's only one person, I think most of you must know this. Who percentage-wise has done better than me with judges? Tell me. I will give you a hint. He appointed 100% of the federal judges and 100% of the United States supreme court. George washington. That is one record we won't beat but I appointed many more than him so let's tack -- take tit that way. None recognize somebody as the leader of the g. o. p. And chair and my friend jane timken. And a bobman, bob paduchepaducek. I kept hearing you must win the state of ohio over and over. You must win ohio. So I had to pick a campaign manager. And I picked a man named bob paducek. And no matter how badly we were doing he said you are going to win their easily. I said bob we just lost the head of the g. o. p. In ohio. He said he left because you have a certain governor who asked him to leave. A different governor than mike by the way. So he had to get out. I said we just lost -- bob said don't worry about it, sir, you are going to win. In fact I think you just went up. We lost a couple of people and I said bob i'm worried about ohio. He said don't worry about it, I think you just went up. I said to somebody I don't know much about this guy but he is the most optimistic person I have ever met. True. And we ended up winning ohio by close to nine points, which is unheard of. So, he was right. [cheers and applause] bob! Also here, did he do a good job? None and kimberly. I hope he did a good job. I heard you did a great job. He's been a great help, they both have, and thank you very much. Thank you, kimberly. Our shared republican agenda is pro worker, pro jobs, pro family, pro growth and 100% pro America. [cheers and applause] we have eliminateed a record number of job killing regulations giving the average American household $3,000 more to spend every single year. The previous administration tried to shut down American energy and close up, totally close it up, American clean beautiful coal. That didn't work out too well. But you had to suffer. It didn't work but you had to sufferer a long time until I came along. You are not suffering any longer. The previous administration, they like wind mills. If a windmill is within two miles of your house, your house is practically worthless. They make noise, they are intermittent. They kill your birds. They break down. You have to replace them every 10 years because they wear out. And they cost a fortune and they need subsidy. Other than that they are quite good. You don't want one of those wind mills within vision. You hear them. They are noisy. Got a lot of problems. No, we are going to stay with the great energy that is powering our businesses and creating so many jobs and solar, you know what? We will live with solar but it s is peanuts by comparison to what you need. We are going to stay the way we've it. We've ended the war on American energy and we are putting our coal miners back to work and our steel workers back to work and our auto companies back to work. We have learned over the last three years ago the incredible gold that we are sitting on top of in this country. We are very lucky. We are now the largest energy producer in the entire world, bigger than the soviet union formerly. Remember the soviet union, when it was all together, the soviet union, when it was all together, before they decided we have to call ourselves russia, they wanted to be bigest in the world. Then it became Russia and they have done a good job with energy and so has saudi arabia done a good job with energy. But we are bigger than russia, we are bigger than saudi arabia by far. And I withdrew our country from the job killing very expensive paris climate accords. [cheers and applause] last year coal exports were up 92% compared to 2016. Shipping it all over the world. To vietnam. I was in vietnam and they said we get coal from ohio, we get coal from west virginia. It is the finest coal in the world. We have created more than 110 p 110,000 new mining jobs. And thanks it states like ohio the United States is now the number one producer of oil, the number one producer of natural gas, the number one everything having to do with energy, number one, anywhere in the world. We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that let other countries pillage our jobs and devastate ohio communities and communities in every state. The era of economic surrender is over. [cheers and applause] when you look at what they have done to your jobs over a period of time. Nafta was one of the worst deals ever made and probably the worst deal. You still have empty buildings and factories but they are being built up fast or being knocked down and hundreds of new countries pouring into the United States. My first week in office I was aware of one of the last sellouts that would have destroyed our automobile industry and manufacturing and maybe that is what President obama meant when he said you can't produce manufacturing jobs any more in the United States because he would have signed trans pacific partnership and he would have been right. I killed it. By the way, trans pofbgacific partnership would have destroyed the automobile industry of this country. Already they shipped out 30% of your jobs to mexico under the new usmca. That is mexico and canada. We have to get them to vote on that because that is in incredible deal. Under the new it will be hard for companies to leave you, to fire you, to make their product whatever it may be, to send it back to the United States with no tax. All away end up with is an employment and taxes and empty buildings. So they have to vote on the usmca. Before I took office fortune accountants ripped us -- countries pushed us around. But America is not being pushed around any more. Do you realize that? I think I got that from working in ohioto two summers, right? We have taken the toughest action to stands,to China as trade abuse and I just announced another 10% tariff on $300 billion worth of chinese products that come into our country. That is on top of the 25% that we take of $250 billion coming in from China. And don't let them tell you the fact is China devalues their currency, they pour money into their system, and because they do that you are not paying for those tariffs, China is paying for those tariffs. For the last 20 years China has taken hundreds of billions of dollars out of our country and now we are stopping the theft of American jobs, we are stop being the theft of -- stopping the theft of so many other things including intellectual property. They steal our intellectual property. And I think they want to try to make a deal with us but i'm not sure. Pause the word is -- because the word is I feel they want to wait until they get -- they are praying, they would like to see a new President in a year and a half so they could continue to rip off the United States like they have been doing for the last 25 years. [booing] they would love to see a guy like sleepy joe biden who has no clue what he is doing. They would say to sleepy joe, sure, just sign right there, oh, ok. I'll sign. We would be losing hundreds of billions of dollars a year to China. They understand that. President xi is a good man, he understands it. Until such time as there is a deal we will be tax being the hell out -- we will be taxing the hell out fof China. That is all there is to it. If foreign countries don't want to pay a tariff I have a solution. Make your product in America. Come on back to the United States. Come on back to ohio. There's no tariff. There's no tariff. [cheers and applause] thanks to steel tariffs, hundreds of thousands of tons -- think of this -- were dumped on our shores. And steel is like something else, it is not quality. They were dumping garbage. They call it sand steel, it was dirt steel. It was mixed up. We didn't want to use it for our jet fighters and beams that hold up buildings. But they were dumping tremendous quantities of steel. And what was happening is that the United States steel and all of our companies were going virtually out of business. And I stopped it. I put on a 25% tariff. Billions of dollars is pouring into our treasury and our steel companies and our steel workers are coming back. [cheers and applause] right here in ohio, a great steel company that is doing great again nucor has announced an tkwhraur $85 million upgrade. Another one plans to build a new $150 million steel mill in cuyahoga. And cleveland cliffs announced a new $700 million plant in a very good place that I like a lot. Toledo, ohio. Four years ago steel plants were closing. There were not building or expanding. We are building new plants in florida, knock,north carolina, south carolina. Not just ohio. On issue after issue Democrats have forgotten who it is they are supposed to represent. I wonder why they forgot. The job of elected officials is to represent American citizens. The radical Democrats even support deadly sanctuary cities that release dangerous criminals on or streets -- on our streets. And many of the places that have sanctuary cities and many of the people that live there, they don't want them. They are dangerous, they are not good. Here are just a few examples. In san francisco an illegal alien was arrested no fewer than 10 times in the span of less than one year for numerous counts burglary and theft but each time he was set free. And bad things happened when they set almost free. A sanctuary jurisdiction in California recently released a critical alien from jail. The very next month the same individual was arrested for rape, then beyond anything you would ever believe, a horrible thing happened but yet again he was released back into your community. After a sanctuary city in new jersey rye leased -- released anal I don't know charged with domestic violence he was arrested in missouri for the murders of three people. In the bizarre world view of the hard left, they have no problem destroying the lives of innocent americans for a single politically incorrect thought, but they want to virtually -- you know this -- they. Want virtual immunity for illegal aliens who have created horrible crimes and murder. Horrible crimes and murder. Republicans believe our cities should be a sanctuary for law apwaeuding americans -- law abiddinga abideing americans, not criminal aliens. [cheers and applause] and we withinon big lawsuit last week. One of my lawyers for winning that lawsuit is here tonight. I gave him a little reprieve. We need a lot of lawyers in white house we get sued so much so unfairly but we're winning those. One of them is here. He said I would love to go to rally. I said i'm going to cincinnati. You deserve it. We just won the lawsuit on the wall. We just won the lawsuit on the wall and we are building the wall faster and better than ever. It's time for Democrats to end sanctuary cities and catch and release. You catch them and then you release them. And you say will you please report back in four years from now. But only 2% come back. You know why? Because they are not the smartest. They are the ones we don't want to have come back. Only 2% show up. We could end it immediately if the Democrats gave. So we are keeping them out altogether. We are replacing random migration and we are replacing the lottery system. How about the lottery system? [booing] this was chuck schumer. You put the name in a basket. The country puts the name in the basket and you pick people out of the lottery. This one is a murderer. This one robbed four banks. This one I better not say. This one another murderer. None, another murderer. Think of this. You think they are going to put their great citizens -- they have great people like we do. Do you think those people are going into a lottery? No. Then we have these people coming in and we hold it against the country. The country is not based on that. Look at the people they put into these lotteries. It is a disgrace. And how we have done this so many years, it is an immigration system that is totally broken and we are going to win the house and win the senate and the presidency and we are going to do a merit based immigration system. Merit based. We need that because we have companies coming in from all over the world and we need workers, we are down to 3. 5% unemployment. We need people. But we want people to come in based on merit, not based on some lottery put in by a government. [cheers and applause] Democrats have never been further outside the mainstream. Politicians want to force everybody on to the government plan. Remember the lies from the previous administration. If you like your plan, you can keep your plan. If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. 28 times, one lie after another. 28 times it was said and it turned out to be a total lie. [booing] my administration is defending your right to choose the plan and doctor that is best for you. We are offering plans up to 60% cheaper than became care and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions, always. Always. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late-term abortion. [booing] then you will have like a governor of virginia, it is not only late-term abortion, it is killing the baby after the baby is born. How about that? [booing] think of that. That is why I have asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion because republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion and they are the party, frankly of socialism. [booing] the republican party is the party of freedom, aware the party of the -- we are the party of the American worker and American family and the American dream. [cheers and applause] i'm fighting for you each and every day. I had a great life. I used to get great publicity. No better got great publicity. I had such a great life, it was so easy. My great wife, the first lady, melania, she said you have always been a hard worker, you love to work, but your life was a lot easier in old days. But I love it. You know why I love it? Because we are accomplishing so much. Nobody ever thought it would be possible to do the things aware doing -- things we are doing. Even things like right to try. They have been trying to get that for years and years and years. That is people that are really sick, trlerminally ill. We've the greatest doctors and clinics and technicians. They content get couldn't get -- they would travel it Asia if they had money, they would travel all over the world hoping for a carrure. If they had no money they would just go home and day. For 44 years they have been trying to right to try. Aware so advanced -- we are so advanced in medicine. We have a lot of things that possibly work but we were not allowed to give that to people so sick? You know why? Because they didn't want this work if it didn't work to hurt the people but the people were trlly ill and -- terminal I -- illinois. -- terminally ill. The doctors didn't want to do it. When our country didn't want to do it if it doesn't work we are going to get sued. I said they will sign an agreement taking all liability from the United States from the drug companies, from the companies, all liability. They are terminally ill. Let's try it and it has been a miracle. So many people have condition so well -- have done so well. We got it done. When I said about the agreement they had these great lawyers, they have been working on this. They said this is a good idea. I said how about getting it to me in about two hours. Right to try. It is a great thing. We have so many things like that. I have lists that you went believe. I have lists that go on for pages of this is we've done. We have launched the initiative to reduce precision drugs including to allow companies to import lower cost drugs from other countries. It is a very unfair system. Our country pays the highest prices in the world. Last year was the first time in 51 years that drug pricing for precision drugs actually came down. Now we are going to bring it down by a lot the. We are going to bring it down a lot. And now so other countries -- canada pays half the price for a lot of drugs that we do. So we have a great governor in the state of florida calls me up. Ron de santos. He was a three and he went to 70. That is a pretty good increase. He says you know, if you buy the drugs, if we bay the drugs because this is so botched up we have a middle man, it is not a good situation. He said if I could bay the drugs from -- could buy the drugs from canada I could save 50%. I said do it. And if you can buy them from Europe because their system lake I remember I used to scream we I was winning states and not getting the delegates, the drug system is rigged. So, if we can buy the same drug made by the same pharmaceutical canada from eastern or canada aware doing it and we are give -- we are doing it and we are giving them the right to do it. It just happened today. We are doing one other thing that, believe it or not, is bigger but you will be seeing that the next two weeks. With the help of your great Senator rob portman we have taken bold action to confront the enopioid epidemic and it went down 22% last year. Think of that. Opioid a big problem, big problem. Deaths went down from opioids 22%. Nobody wants to talk about that. They don't want to talk about that. Good job, rob. Good job. Good job, mike. We passed v. a. Choice and v. a. Accountability on behalf of our great veterans. They have been trying to pass va choice for four decades. They couldn't get it done. We got it done. This is where a veteran would stand on line for three, four, five, six days, for three weeks, for five weeks, sometimes they are ok, by the time they see a doctor they are terminally ill. I said I have a great idea because I have not been doing this that long. I have been thinking about it a lot. This was during a campaign. What a campaign that was, right? Was that a campaign or what! I came back it my people -- back to my people and I said these lines for the veterans are too long. It takes them three or four weeks sometimes to see a doctor. I have a great idea. Let's let they will go to a private doctor, we will pay the bill and they will be fixed up all perfect and they can do it immediately. We will pay the bill. And I thautought, I said man, am I smart. I'm the smartest guy to think of that. So I went before this panel of experts that were with me working on things. I said how do you like that idea? They said we have known about it 40 years but never been able -- really? But we got it done. Nobody else could get it done. And accountability. You couldn't fire anybody. If they were treating our vets badly you couldn't fire them. People could steal. They could be sadistic to or vets. They wouldn't have done that in prime time to our vets. You couldn't fire them. It was because of unions and other things. Civil service. You couldn't fire anybody for almost anything. We had cases where people got caught stealing a lot of money and you couldn't fire them. We got va accountability. Now we say jim, get the hell out of here, you are fired. We are rebuilding our military and after years of budget cuts and layoffs the army tank plan in lima -- most people call it lime practice but I know lime practice because I came here and they said we are closing the plant. Remember we I was here? In lima. I used to see lima. No, it is limealima. Because they have it wrong on the teleprompter and I would have been in big trouble but I don't use the teleprompter too much. If I did you would have been out of here a long time ago because it gets very boring we you do the teleprompter deal. But I said let's go see it. During the campaign I went to see it and they make the best army tank in the world and I couldn't believe the complexity, genius. I said wait a minute, you close this you will never be able to open it again. This is not like a normal situation that you can open four walls and a roof. This is genius. You will never replace these men and women that work here. And I didn't know anything at the time other than I said you are not closing it, they took it off the list. They kept it open and now we are making army tanks around the clock. [cheers and applause] we are investing in the future of human space flight. Americans won the race to moon and we will now win the race to mars. One thing I have to say also, and we are also winning the race to great, great strategic defense and offense, not just mars. And mike Pence is doing a great job of that, great job. To protect America aes's security I withdrew the United States from the horrible Iran nuclear dale, the horrible stupid deal. We gave Iran $150 billion, we gave Iran $1. 8 billion in cash, plane loads of cash. I wonder what they saw when those planes landed. I wonder what happened to the cash. $1. 8 billion in cash. [booing] and remember what I said, Iran is a much different country than 2 1/2 years ago when I took over. It was all over. They had 14 to 18 different sites of con -- cop -- conflict. Now they want to negotiate a deal so badly. Iran. Iran. I recognize israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And just a few months ago we recognized the golan heights. You know that. That is another one, big one. For the security of israel. We also recognized the legitimate government of venezuela and we condemneded any of the socialist brutality taking place. Let's see what happens there. Let's see what happens. Tonight rerenew our -- we renew our resolve that Mark will never be a social urs country. Never will it ever be a socialist country. No matter what label they use they vote for any Democrat it is for the rise of radical socialism and the destruction of our great, our beautiful, our wonderful American dream. We are not going to let our country ever go down the route of socialism. You must never forget that the 2020 election is about one thing. It is about you. I say it all the time. Never happened before. There's never been a movement like this. They have had movements. They won a state. They did well in a state. We won 32 states. There's never been anything like it. This movement is about your family and your future and it is about the life and the faith of your country. We begin -- look, there is a great place the we begin our campaign, and we're going to do great, bob. If we don't do great, bob, you are fired. Think of it. Our ohio campaign with the best results, the best agenda and the only positive vision for our nation's future. And remember this. Ohio is doing better today than it has ever, ever, ever done before. It is the best it has ever done. [cheers and applause] so, a guy like sleepy joe biden is going to say I can do better. He wants to go back it sleep. -- back it sleep. We will 10 unleashing the to your of American enterprise so every American can reach their fullest potential. Our country has such tremendous potential. We have had the last week the highest stock market in the history of our country. That means 401-k's, that means jobs. But there's tremendous potential to go up. We've tremendous potential to go up. With your help we'll elect a republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair and lawful system of immigration. We will enact trade deals that ensure more products are proudly stamped with those four beautiful words, made in the u. s. a. , or made in america, you can use either one. Made in america, made in the u. s. a. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine. I see what they are doing. I see it. They show me the things we're doing in our country today. There's they have been anything like it. We'll be ending the aids epidemic shortly in America and occurring childhood cancer very shortly. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheers and applause] and just remember, with Democrats there is no second amendment. You can forget about keep and bear arms. You can forget it. We'll never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with our heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and we believe in the sanctity of life and we believe that faith in family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history and always be proud, patriotic americans. [cheers and applause] we will always live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust. Cheers clears[cheers and applause] two days ago I spoke at the 400th anniversary of the first legislative assembly at jamestown, virginia. It wassen considerable. I -- it was incredible. I was reminded of so many great things in our accountantcountry. We have been blessed with such a remarkable heritage. We are the greatest republic on the face of the earth and we are going to keep it that way. We'll never pretty good our americans and the future belongs to us. The future belongs to all of you. The future belongs to the greatest movement in the history of our country. [cheers and applause] with your help and your devotion and drive we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and won't remember going to keep -- we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. Clears skiers we are one people and one family saluting one great American flag. We all share the same home, we all share the same heart and we all share the same love of almighty God. Together with the great and proud people of ohio, we are making America wealthy again. We are making America strong again. Aware we are making America safe again. We are making America great again and with your vote in 2020, we will keep America great. Thank you, ohio.