ID: CSPANDT206202045
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma
Date: 2020-06-20

Thank you. So we begin. Thank you, oklahoma. Thank you to Vice President mike Pence. We begin our campaign. [applause] we begin our campaign. None thank all of you. You are warriors. I've been watching the fake news for weeks now. Everything is negative. Don't go, don't come, don't do anything. Today it was like -- i've never seen anything like it. You are warriors, thank you. We have some very bad people outside. They were doing bad things. But I really appreciate it. We have a tremendous group of people in oklahoma. I hear from your two great senators and your governor that we are doing well in oklahoma. That's the word. [applause] I stand before you today to declare the silent majority is stronger than ever before. [applause] five months from now, we are going to defeat sleepy joe biden. [applause] boy, does he get a pass from these people, huh? We are going to stop the radical left. We are going to build a future of safety and opportunity for americans of every race, color, religion, and creed. Republicans are the party of liberty, equality, and justice for all. We are the party of abraham lincoln, and we are the party of law and order. [applause] think of what we've done. We will have close to 300 federal judges appointed and approved by the end of my first time. That's an all-time record. I've always heard how important judges are. Now we know how important they are. Over 300 -- around 300 by the end of the term. And when we have another four years, we will get a big percentage of the total number. November 3. Two great supreme court judges. We have two justices. Justice gorsuch, justice kavanaugh. They are great. We have two. And we could get a few more. We've spent over $2 trillion to completely rebuild the unmatched strength and power of the u. s. Military. And all of that incredible equipment, whether it's submarines, missiles, rockets, jet fighters, bombers, it's all built in the usa. We passed v. a. Choice. Thank you very much. Jim inhofe, you better vote for him. He's great. [applause] but we will get to him and James lankford in a second. Two great senators. You have great senators. We passed v. a. Choice. For years and years, they have wanted to do it for almost 50 years, we got it done, we get a lot of things done. If you are a veteran and you have to wait in line for one week, two weeks, three weeks, five weeks, seven weeks, two months, what happens is you go outside, you get a private doctor, you get fixed up, and they pay your bill. We take care of the bill. You get immediate service. It has never happened before. Our approval rating is now 91%. That's how good it is. Never been anywhere near that number. V. a. Accountability. We had a lot of bad people in the v. a. , people that didn't love our vets. People that were stood sadistic. A lot of bad people. You couldn't get rid of them, because they were -- let's say it could be unions, it could be civil service. So you couldn't get it done. For decades, they wanted to get it changed. I got it done with those people and your congressman, who I am going to introduce. V. a. Accountability. Now somebody treats our veterans badly, and we look at them, what do we say? We say you're fired, get out. [applause] and they got rid of a lot of bad people that were there for a long time. Like me in washington, draining the swamp. I never knew it was so deep, but it's happening. It is deep, thick, and a lot of bad characters. We are lowering the price of prescription drugs. Making our allies pay their fair share. They get a big bargain on drug prices. Enacting fair trade deals that after all the years, finally put America first. [applause] we passed the largest test tax cuts in the history of our country. The Democrats want to raise your taxes. Tell me about that. I guess i'm old-fashioned. All my life, I heard politicians want to lower taxes, not raise them. If you lowered them, you couldn't lose. The Democrats want to substantially raise your taxes. How do you figure that? And regulation cuts, we passed more regulation cuts than any administration in the history of our country. [applause] and with the help of our great energy workers, many of them come from the great state of oklahoma. Did you ever notice biden oftentimes gets the state wrong? He is in iowa, he says it's good to be in idaho. He is in new hampshire, and he says it's great to be in ohio. That happens to him all the time. Hasn't happened to me yet. When that happens, there is nothing you can do to make up for it. You might as well walk off the stage, because the speech is a disaster. Right? We just turned the United States into the dominant energy superpower of the world. [applause] and because of the chinese virus, what happened about three month ago, it looked like we were in big trouble, and we were, and I got it back together. I called russia, I called saudi arabia, and believe it or not, I called mexico. Mexico was a little bit tough. That's called opec plus. We got them to do the right thing. We have our energy back to almost four dollars a barrel. -- $40 a barrel. A couple of months ago, it was zero, and we were going to lose 10 million energy jobs. So texas, oklahoma, north dakota, and many other states would have been hurt. You think you were going to be hurt there, try putting aoc in charge of your energy. That will make the pandemic look like child's play to the people in energy. She has one a problem, it's called petroleum. No President or administration has done more in the first 3. 5 years than the trump administration. [applause] our incredible success in rebuilding America stands in stark contrast to the extremism, destruction, and violence of the radical left. We just saw it outside. You saw these thugs that came along. These people pulling protesters. It is so beautiful. So wonderful. They call them the boston tea party. It is so wonderful. You ever watch fake news cnn? How about the cnn anchor? Did a shaved job and the head was just fine. He's standing in front of a building. And the building -- it looks like the biggest fire I have ever seen. The whole town is burning. The biggest fire, and he said things are very good here. These are wonderful people. [applause] like the world was coming to an end. And we did something in minneapolis, after watching, I said you can't protect yourselves. I got them to take 8000 national guardsmen. In one hour, it all ended. They went through the next three weeks with no problem. [applause] and we did the same thing in other cities. But how about seattle? So they take over a big chunk of a city called seattle. We are not talking about some little place. Have you ever been to seattle? They took over a big chunk. The governor, who is a radical left, all of these places I talk about are democrat, every one of them. I have an offer out, any time you want, we will come in and straighten it out in one hour or less. I may be wrong, but it's probably better for us to just watch this disaster. [applause] I flew in with some of our great Congressman who were going to introduce in a second. I said "congressman, what do you think? I can straighten it out fast, should we go in?" "no sir, let it simmer for a while, let them see what radical left Democrats will do to our country. " [applause] but americans have watched left-wing radicals burn down businesses, loot buildings, destroy private property, injure hundreds of dedicated police officers. These police officers, they get injured, they don't complain, they are incredible. And injure thousands upon thousands of people only to hear the radical fake news say "what a beautiful rally it was. " and they never talk about covid. They don't talk about -- when you see 25,000 people walking down fifth avenue, or walking down a street of a Democrat run city, you never hear them saying they are not wearing their masks. As they are breaking windows and running in. When I say the looters, the anarchists, the agitators, what a terrible thing for a President to say. But you don't hear them talking about covid. Covid-19. That name gets further and further away from China as opposed to calling it the chinese virus. [applause] and despite the fact that I have done a phenomenal job with it, I think shutdown the u. s. To very heavily infected people in China in late january, months earlier than other people would have done it, if they would have done it at all. High saved hundreds of -- I saved hundreds of thousands of lives. We don't ever even get a mention. I closed it down to Europe early. Closed it down because I saw what was happening. Most people said not to do it. We saved hundreds of thousands of lives. And all we do is get hit on like we are terrible. And what we have done with the ventilators, the medical equipment, with testing. Testing is a double-edged sword. We have tested no 25 million people. It is probably 20 million people more than anybody else. Germany has done a lot, south korea has done a lot. Here's the bad part. When you do testing to that extent, you will find more cases. So I said to my people, slow the testing down, please. They test and they test. People don't know what going on. The young man is 10 years old, he has the sniffles. He'll recover in about 15 minutes. That's a case. [applause] I was actually with a very good man, even though he is very liberal, the governor of new jersey. He said to me something that's amazing. New jersey was hard-hit. He said with thousands of people that died, there was only one person that died under the age of 18. Would you believe that? Which tells me one thing, that kids are much stronger than us. [applause] when you see a little kid running around, you have a great immune system. How about a piece of your immune system? They don't even know about this. Let's open the schools, please. [applause] we have to get them open. In the fall, we have to get them open. The unhinged left-wing mob is trying to vandalize our history, desecrate our beautiful monuments. Tear down our statues and punish, cancel, and persecute anyone who does not conform to their demands for absolute and total control. We are not conforming, that's why we are here, actually. [applause] this cruel campaign of censorship and exclusion violates everything we hold dear as americans. They want to demolish our heritage so they can oppose their new oppressive regime in its place. They want to defund and dissolve our police departments. Think of that. I heard it for the first time two weeks ago. They are only kidding. Didn't I? Minneapolis, you see what's on? They got a lot of problems. It is 1:00 in the morning, and a very tough hombre is breaking into the window of a young woman who's husband is a way, as a traveling salesman or whatever he may do. You call 911, and they say "i'm sorry, this number is no longer working. " by the way, you have many cases like that, whether it is a young woman, old woman, young man, old man. What are you going to do? This is a serious movement. In minneapolis, the council has already passed it. In seattle, you see was going on. It's even worse. These people are stone cold crazy. [applause] so if you want to save your heritage of ours, we have a great heritage, we are a great country. You are so lucky i'm President. That's all I can say. [applause] [chanting usa] people have come up to me saying how do you take it? Do I have a choice? We deal with a lot of bad people, but we are winning. Every once in a while, I will have one of these days where i'm hitting left and right. Like even this great event. If you could have seen this or heard the reports. Covid, it is this. By the way, it's a disease, without question. Has more names than any disease in history. I can name kkunung flu, 19 different versions of names. Many call it a virus, which it is. Many call it a flu. I think we have 19 or 20 versions of the name. But they say or you get the energy? I don't have a choice. It was interesting. To so show you how fake they are. Last week, they called me and said west point, we are ready. I said I have to make the commencement speech at west point. They delayed it for six weeks because of covid. I went there. 1106 cadets graduating. Beautiful cadets. Just to show you how bad the fake news is. They say we are ready to go. I say let's go. This is after saying hello to a lot of cadets, inspecting areas of a building. Studied a lot of our great generals, some of our presidents that went there. West point is beautiful. After an hour, we land. We do some more inspections. They ask if i'm ready. So we walk like the equivalent of about three blocks. We go on stage. They make speeches. Then I make a speech. It lasted a long time. The sun is pouring down on me. But they said to me before the speech, would you like to salute each cadet, or maybe they will be in groups of two, would you like to salute like this? Almost 600 times. [applause] thank God they were in twos. None tell you. You do that 600 times, it is like a workout without a weight. 600 times. Then the incredible helicopters, brand-new, gorgeous helicopters, the apaches that we just bought. [applause] so they fly over. The kids throw their hats. It was a beautiful day. I was on stage for hours. I came home, I had a nice tan. Meaning I had a nice sunburn. But I make the speech. I salute for probably 1. 5 hours, maybe more. If i'm off by two minutes, they will say he exaggerated. It was only one hour and 25 minutes. He lied. These people are sick. So then I finish saluting my final salute. I say thank goodness, thank you very much. But think of it. Essentially, almost 600 times. The General says are you ready? I said i'm ready, where we going now? I left early in the morning to get there. Now it is late in the afternoon. He said we cannot leave the stage. I said I will follow you. He goes right here sir. [applause] and the stage was higher than this one. The ramp was probably 10 yards long. You have to understand, I have the whole corps of cadets looking at me, and I want them to love their president, I did this big thing. I love them, they are incredible. I said general, i've got myself a problem. Because i'm wearing leather bottom shoes, which is good if you are walking on flat surfaces. It is not good for ramps. If I fall down, look at the press back there. And this was a steel ramp. It had no handrail. It was like an Ice skating rink. I said I have a problem. He didn't understand at first. I said there is no way. I just saluted almost 600 times. I just made a big speech. I sat for other speeches. I'm being baked like a cake. I said there is no way I can make it down that ramp without falling on my ass, General. I have no railing. It's true. He said the ramp is ready to go. Grab me. I didn't really want to grab him. I said that will be a story, too. Now I have a choice. I can stay up there for a couple of hours and wait until i'm rescued, or I can go down this really steep, an Ice skating rink, it is brutal. I said get ready, I may grab you so fast. Because I can't fall with the fake news watching. If I fall, I remember when President ford fell out of the plane. I remember when another president, nice men, threw up in japan. And they did slow-motion replays. I don't want that, General. He's standing there, and he's got these shoes, but they are loaded with rubber on the bottom. The first thing I did, I looked at his shoes, then I looked at mine. Very slippery. So I end saying let's go, I will only grab you if I need you. That is not a good story, falling would be a disaster. It turned out to be worse than anything. I would have been better off if I fell and slid down the damn ramp. So what happens is I start the journey inch by inch. I was really bent over, I didn't like that. I didn't like this picture. This picture i'm sure would be an ad by the fakers. I'm bent over, and i'm going like this. [applause] we finally reached almost the end. The fake news, the most dishonest human beings, they cut it off. Because when I was 10 feet short, I said i'm sorry, and I ran down the rest. I looked very handsome. I wouldn't want to run down the whole thing. The fall would be definitely bad. So I took these little steps. I ran down. Take a look. It ends just before I run. And it was the number one trending story. I called my wife, I said how good was that speech? I will tell you when i'll make good ones and bad ones, like so far tonight, i'm average. [applause] but I call my wife and I say how good was it? She said you are trending number one. I said let me ask you a question, was it that good, the speech? I felt it was really good. They don't even mention the speech. They mention the fact that you may have parkinson's disease. It's true. They say there is something wrong with our President. I'll let you know if there is something wrong. There is something wrong with biden, that I can say. [applause] so then my wife said it wasn't only the ramp. Did you have water? I was speaking for a long time, I didn't want to drink it, but I wanted to wet my lips a little bit. You're working hard with the sun pouring down on you. I love this location, the sun is like this. This way they save on lighting. They said you couldn't lift your hand up to your mouth with water. I said I just saluted 600 times. This was before I saluted. So what is the problem? She said I know what you did. You had on a very good red tide. It is sort of expensive. They look better. They have a better sheen to them. I don't want to get water on the tie. I don't want to drink much. I said we have a little glass of water. Where did it come from? I look on my tie. I have done it, I have taken water, and it spilled down to the tie. Frankly the tie is never the same. I put it up to my lips, I don't want a sip just in case. And it gives me another disease. [applause] anyway, that's a long story. I have lived with the ramp and the water since I left west point. Not one media group said I made a good speech, or I made a great speech. But the kids loved it, because they broke their barrier, which wasn't good, in terms of covid. They wanted to shake hands, and I don't want to tell anybody -- a couple of kids, I shook their hand. They were excited. They are with their president, they are excited. The most beautiful young people. Men, women, the most beautiful young people you have ever seen. Think of how you feel. I go there. It was a great speech. Sir, that was one of your best. I agree, it was a good speech. They don't mention the speech, but they have me going down this ramp at one inch of time. It is so unfair, it really is. They are among the most dishonest people anywhere on earth. They are bad people. That's enough of that. I wanted to tell that story. Does everybody understand that story? [applause] the left-wing anarchists tore down the statute of thomas jefferson. They decapitated a statue of christopher columbus. Except in new york when the italians surrounded it. They didn't have too much of a chance. I love the italians. They heard they were going to rip down their beautiful christopher columbus, and all of a sudden they circled that thing. They didn't do too well in hurting christopher. Thank you to our italian population. We are very proud of you all. Two days ago, leftist radicals in portland, oregon ripped down a statue of george washington. They wrapped it in an American flag and set the American flag on fire. Democrats. All Democrats. Everything I tell you is Democrats. We ought to do something, we have two great senators. We want to come up with legislation that if you burn the American flag, you go to jail for one year. [applause] we ought to do it. They talk about freedom of speech, i'm a big believer in freedom of speech, but that's desecration. That's a terrible thing they do. We used to have things, we don't have them anymore, because we want to be so open, and look what happens. We should have legislation that if somebody wants to burn the American flag and stomp on it, or just burn it, they go to jail for one year. In seattle, the Democrats and Democrat city council have surrendered control of six city blocks to an anarchist -- these are anarchists, not protesters. You listen to the fake news, they say the protesters were lovely. Can you imagine if people just even slightly to the right tried to take over seattle? They'd have machine guns out to get them. But these people can take over the city. Look at what they have done to business people that have spent years building their business. Now they are wiped out, taken away. Governor inslee should get his act together, I will help you, I will do whatever you want. I'm waiting for a call. I would love to do it. It will take less than an hour. It will all be over with and you will have your city back. [applause] and yet biden remains silent in his basement in the face of this brutal assault on our nation and the values of our nation. Joe biden has surrendered to his party and to the left-wing mob. He has no control. Does anybody on loosely think -- does anybody honestly think he controls these maniacs? You know what he says to his wife when he's not confusing her with his sister? Get me the hell out of here, these people are crazy. He has absolutely no control. A lot of times, I will make a speech and have this beautiful paragraph come out criticizing every little aspect of the speech, beautiful, brilliant. But joe did it, and it was a comments from joe biden, but he didn't say it. Professional people, great students in english lit, people that are very smart say it. Joe biden said, and they go into this highly complex paragraph, beautifully worded. And I think joe didn't say that, joe doesn't even understand it. [applause] and if biden is elected, he will surrender your country to these mobsters 100%. Your 401(k). Look how we are doing in the stock market. Just at another record with nasdaq. [applause] your 401(k) and money itself will be worthless. Your 401(k)s are doing very well. I said don't sell. It went down. But we got a backup. Now nasdaq just hit a record. I think you will see a lot of records. Next year, if we don't do anything stupid on november 3, you will have the greatest economic year we have ever had. [applause] if the Democrats gain power, the rioters will be in charge, and no one will be safe. No one will have control. Joe biden is not the leader of his party. Joe biden is a helpless puppet of the radical left. And he's not radical left. I don't think he knows what he is anymore. But he was never radical left. But he's controlled by the radical left. His campaign staff even donated a lot of money to bail out rioters, looters, and arsonists who ravaged minneapolis. They bailed them out. They put up a lot of money to bail them out. And they were. They were the arsonists. The people of our nation. Maybe some of them aren't even from our nation. The left is trying to do everything they can to stop us. Every hour of every day, including even, violence, mayhem, they will do whatever they can. Look at what happened tonight. Law enforcement said they can't be outside, it is too dangerous. We had a bunch of maniacs, and attack our city. The mayor, the governor did a great job. They were very violent people. [applause] and our people are not nearly as violent, but if they ever were, it would be a terrible day for the other side. Because I know our people. But we will never submit to their threats and never let them destroy our nation. What they did tonight, I saw it on television coming in on air force one. One thing about air force one, we have plenty of televisions. We have televisions and closets. You open the closet, a television. It's a great plane. Great everything. We ordered new ones. No President wanted to do it, they thought it was luxury. I said air force one is 31 years old. They gave me a chart in my administration. Would you sign for this plane? It's actually two planes. It is 31 years old. I have seen people coming in from foreign lands that can't compete with us, rich countries. And have a brand-new beautiful 747 800. I said wait a minute, that country has new and we have a 31-year-old plane? So the deal was made. It was made for a lot of money. I think it was $5. 6 billion. In all fairness, it is two planes and there is a lot of stuff on them. So I told the head of the boeing, they said we would like to get started on the planes. I did too, but I wasn't going to pay $5. 6 billion. [applause] and i'm not paying $4. 6 billion. I said it has to have a three on the front of it is a rather complex situation. They said no way. No way. This is before boeing had problems, by the way, but boeing is coming back. They are coming back. The greatest company in the world, and that is a big problem. They had a couple of problems that didn't work out. That's terrible. Before that it was the greatest company in the world, one quarter of our gdp. It was an unbelievable machine, and then they made a plane and did some foolish things, and a terrible thing happened, and all of a sudden they have gone through hell, but they are coming back. We are ready to help them if they needed, but they are coming back, they are coming back. [cheers and applause] but this was the bubbling before that, and they were writing by, like I was before this thing came in, but we are still writing high, because you know what? In november, we are going to win. We are going to win. [cheers and applause] so they came in and they came in and they said no, no, no, we won $5. 6 billion, whatever it was. Whatever, but it was a lot. $5. 6 billion. No, got to have the three. I said cancel the contract. None cancel. I sit, general, can you cancel the contract? He said yes, sir. Ok cancel it. Yes, sir. Do you have to pay anything? Yes, sir. We have a cancellation fee. How much? $250 million. [laughter] I said, what? Sir, we made a good deal. You mean if we don't buy the plane we have to pay 250 million dollars? That's not right. By the way, that is a good story compared to some I can tell you, like with aircraft carriers. So they said, $250 million more, I always say this, or around that number, because if I am off a little bit, they say he exaggerates. I look at numbers all day long. For my whole life, when you think of it. $250 million cancellation fee, sir. What a great -- I say general, cancel don't cancel. Just tell them I don't want the airplanes. Don't put it in writing. Why, sir? Because I don't want to pay $250 million. Do you hear that, jim? Do you know that story? He does a great job. So here is what happens, bottom line, bowed boeing says no way, no way, no way. The next week they said how about $5 billion? I said, no way. No way. The next week they said $4. 8 billion? I said nope. It has to have a three on the front of it, don't you understand you dumb son of a bit ch? [cheers and applause] I turned out to be right. Turned out to be right. Nobody gets that. No. It has to have a three. Next day they come back, $4. 5 billion is our best offer. Nope, i'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. Come back when you are ready. A month goes by, another month, they never heard from me. They came back at $4 billion. I saved $1. 6 billion, $1. 7 billion. Nobody wants to talk about it. Nobody wants to talk about it. [cheers and applause] when I get foreign nations to pay us billions and billions of dollars, no one wants to talk about that. When I take soldiers out of countries because they're not treating us properly -- Germany is an example, I mean, I have a german heritage, like some of you. I said let's get it down from 50,000 to 25,000 because they are delinquent, for many years they are delinquent. They have not been paying what they are supposed to be paying. They are paying 1% instead of 2% , and 2% is a very low number, and they say yes, we think by 2030, maybe 2032, we can. I said angela, please. Don't say that, angela. It's true. You know who I am talking about. By the way, very nice woman, good negotiator. This was in 2019. She said 2032. I said no, that is not working. I said, because now they want to get, what about the last 25 years in the money qos? Everybody forgot about that. They forget about the money that wasn't paid. I said what about the $20 trillion. In the meantime, we are reducing our troops. Remember this. Remember this, we are supposed to protect Germany from russia, but Germany is paying Russia billions of dollars for energy coming from a pipeline, brand-new pipeline, said they pay the country we are supposed to protect them from, they pay billions of dollars to that country. We are supposed to protect him. Excuse me? How does that work? How does that work? [cheers and applause] in the great thing is with jim inhofe, and James lankford, likewise -- they just said they love you, James. They hear it. They get it. A lot of people don't get it. We cannot continue to be ripped off. We are ripped off by so many countries, and we are stopping it, and that means a lot of people don't want me here. They don't want me. [cheers and applause] there are a lot of people who don't want me here. You know they don't sell a lot of bombs when we are not dropping bombs on people, you know that, right? It is called the military-industrial complex. When writingrioting broke out, I quickly deploy the national guard could I sit get the men, after watching for an evening or two. We stop the violence and restored order to the streets. They had to break out again. They ripped down the statue that was 110 years old, beautiful piece of art, in front of the police precinct with the radical left mayor watching on television. We are not happy. That is going to be very expensive for washington, d. c. They are always looking for money. We need more money. And they don't do the proper job, so it will not be good for the mayor, mayor bowser. They were heading over to the jefferson memorial recently, and they wanted to do damage to our great, beautiful jefferson memorial. Not going to happen. Don't worry about it. We have it surrounded by very strong people. [cheers and applause] the choice in 2020 is very simple comic you want the left-wing mob -- simple, do you want the left-wing mob or do you want to sit tall and proud as americans? [cheers and applause] and explain this to the nfl -- I like the nfl. I like roger goodell, but I didn't like what he said we could go. I said, where did that come from in the middle of summer? We didn't ask him. We will never kneel to our national anthem or our great American flag. We will stand proud and we will stand tall. [cheers and applause] I thought we won that battle with the nfl. Their stadiums were empty. Did you see those stadiums? It took a long time to get you back. A lot of people didn't like that. A lot of people didn't think you would care that much. I had people who said these are super left liberals and they did not like it. Joe biden and the Democrats want to prosecute americans for going to church, but not for burning a church. [booing] they believe you can riot, vandalize, and destroy, but you cannot attend a peaceful, pro-america rally. [booing] they want to punish your thoughts, but not their violent crimes. They want to abolish bail, abolish and open borders. They want to open borders. And by the way, we are doing so well. We have a record this month on the border. Nobody is coming in. Very few people. [cheers and applause] and they want to abolish Ice. Our great people who send the roughest, toughest, meanest people you have ever heard -- generally, when they have a lot of tattoos, they say they are not looking to do you much help. Ice. They are rough guys. They are rough they are great americans. They walk into a pack of tough, ms-13 gang members, and you know , we should not say this. It is not nice, they want us to negotiate. They start swinging, and everybody is swinging. They throw them into the paddy wagon, right? They are great. These people want to get rid of Ice is. -- Ice. They get rid of murders, rapists, the worst scum on earth. [cheers and applause] and when I called them animals, I said there animals, and nancy Pelosi -- they cut up a young woman. They cut up a young woman. [booing] and her friend, cut them up with a knife because it's more painful because they're dead. Cut them up with a knife, because it takes longer than shooting them with the gun. I said these are animals. Nancy Pelosi said these are human beings. They are not animals. [booing] if I lose an election over that, you know what? This country is in big trouble. Big trouble. They wanted strong, law-abiding citizens and dismantle our police forces, while bringing vicious ms-13 gang members. In joe biden's america, riotors, looters coming criminal aliens have more rights than citizens. And that is true. In my administrations, we defend American citizens and deport ms-13 members. [cheers and applause] or put them in jail, if we have to. The chaos you are seeing in the cities, these are all run by democrats, is what will happen in every city and community in America if we don't keep them out. We have to do this. We have to go to the polls on november 3, and the rest, you know what to do. You know what to do. [cheers and applause] got to keep the white house. Joe biden's record can be summed up as four decades of betrayal, calamity and failure. He was a senator, Vice President. You know what is great, President trump was tough. They complain. Never did anything. He has been there for 43 years or 47 years? He never did anything about it. Biden has deported every globalist attack on the American worker. Let's make every country in the word rich but ourselves, including nafta, the disaster of nafta. He wanted tpp. It would have ruined our automobile industry. Korea, I took a horrible deal. That was a hillary clinton special. That was a hillary clinton special. [booing] she said we have to make this deal with south korea. It will mean 250,000 jobs, and she was right, for south korea, 250,000 jobs. And china's entry into the wto was supported by sleepy joe biden. That was one of the worst deals economically in the history of our country. When China joined the wto, they became, they were flatlined for decades, they became like a rocket. He voted for the war in iraq. He voted for mass amnesty for illegal aliens. He supported sanctuary cities, and now biden wants to end immigration enforcement and wants to require you to provide free health care for millions and millions of illegal aliens, ok? [booing] when I took early decisive action to ban travel from China to protect americans from the virus, and as I said, joe biden opposed my decision and called it hysteria, xenophobia. He doesn't know what the word means xenophobia. And fear mongering. He apologized to month later. He was wrong, but he didn't say it, and they didn't cover it. [booing] they didn't cover it. On one of the single most important policy decisions, joe biden sided with China over America. That is closing the border. [booing] he thought it was a terrible thing. Remember, remember, this was in january, early, real early, the end of january. He thought it was a terrible thing when we close the border to many people who work badly infected with covid. When the chips are down, biden will always cave to the radical left. He will always bow to the angry mobs, and he will never protect you pork your family, and you know that. Joe biden will always let you down. That has been his history. My direction early this year, the heroes of the u. s. Military took out the world's top terrorist, the savage killer and leader of Isis al-baghdadi and the number one terrorist in the world. We took him out. [cheers and applause] joe biden opposed killing General sublimating the General. You know why he didn't like it? Because he thought it would be good politically. That didn't work out too well. Just as he opposed the raid that killed osama bin laden. You know that. Biden has always been on the wrong side of history. He never made a correct foreign policy decision. Biden is a puppet for China. Allowing them to rip off America for many years. Now they are paying us billions and billions of dollars. We give a lot of it to our farmers peered we have plenty left over. China is not exactly happy with being -- [cheers and applause] billions. [cheers and applause] they pay us billions and billions of dollars. And they targeted our great farmers. I took the money they targeted, I took that money and gave it to the farmers, so they were even. So they were ok. Are you ok? Tell me. Thank you. Thank you. I mean some of the people are waiting for five days , especially this location, right? You take your time. Take your time. Thank you very much. Take your time. Thank you, daughter. -- thank you, daughter. -- doctor. Thank you. Some people wait for four or five days. It is incredible. He never did anything against china, joe biden. That is why they won him to win so badly. Iran wants him to win so badly. None tell you, i'm going to make the best deal you have ever seen. I already made one with china, but I can make even more. They want me to lose because they will own the United States if I lose. Iran. President obama gave him $150 billion for nothing. [booing] and almost more incredibly, he gave him green cash, beautiful cash. And now they're not doing so well are they? They are not doing so well. Someday we will get credit for this. Someday. But they are waiting. Iran wants to make a deal so badly, but they're told by others they shouldn't, the logan act, but they're told by all these people, wait, because if trump loses, you will own America. You will own it. They will say, you own it. So I don't mind. I tell them, we can wait, but when I was, you will pay a much higher price than if you made a deal now. [cheers and applause] I told them. I told them. And look what happened to biden in ukraine where his son was paid $80,000 a month in his son was jobless. Give me a break. If joe biden were to become president, and embolden left will launch a full-scale assault on American life. You know that. They will expel anyone who disagrees with him. Look what happens when you disagree. You used the term that's perfect and they are not happy with it. They call you a racist. They call you a horrible person. They want to crush religious liberty. They don't want religion. Silence religious believers, indoctrinate your children with hateful and vicious lies about our country. [booing] subsidize late-term abortion and afterbirth execution. [booing] they want to take away your guns through the repeal of your second amendment as sure as you are sitting there. [booing] in fact, they even put the big gun grabber, beto o'rourke, who made a full lot of himself when he ran for President -- they put in charge of guns. Lots of luck on your second amendment. Just remember I said it. Oakley you will have to think about it too much because hopefully it won't matter. No beto o'rourke at once to give up guns -- the dems will eliminate private health insurance, ban fracking -- that is not good -- and American energy will be in the position of weakness like it has never been before, and that is after we built the greatest energy country anywhere in the world by far. [cheers and applause] and they want to appoint supreme court justices who will utterly obliterate the constitution, and you now see how important the supreme court is. Think if we didn't have two justices that I think have been very, very good, but think how important it is. Thank how important it is. We still, I guess, I don't know if it is an equal court. It's him was like were a minority court, right? It's like we are a minority court. The recent supreme court cases prove that if joe biden is elected he will stack the court with extremists and the forgotten men and women together with everyone else. This, we will lose everything. There forgotten men and women. I campaigned on this. These are great people. These are substantial people. These are the elite. By the way, you are the elite. They are not the elite. You are the elite. [cheers and applause] somebody two days ago said, sir, the elite are really working hard on trying to destroy you. I said, yeah, why do cold in the elite? I said, why? They are not elite. I look better than them. [cheers and applause] much more handsome. [cheers and applause] got better hair than they do. [cheers and applause] I got nicer properties. I got nicer houses. I got nicer apartments. I have got nicer everything. [cheers and applause] I ran for politics once, just once in my life and I became President of the United States. [cheers and applause] and hopefully if you get out and vote, we would do it one more time. We won't even toy with three or four more times. We will do one more time. We will be 2-2 and our country will never, ever be stronger. [cheers and applause] but I will be soon announcing a new list of exceptional candidates for the United States supreme court, and I would choose only from that list, 100% , probably 25 incredible people, any one of which could be a great justice come any one of which, and I did it last time, and people loved lanai did it, and I will only pick from that list. Biden can't release his list because the names would be too extreme, too radical. They wouldn't be accepted, but they would be radical people. People don't understand, we actually won on daca yesterday. They basically said you won, but you have to redo it. It's almost like your paperwork is no good, but we will be refiling, but don't let it get you, everything will work out really good. Everything will work out really good. [cheers and applause] it was great. It was great. It would have been nice if we won it. Everybody said you're going to win daca. They all said it and they came back and said we don't like what you did with your paperwork, essentially, right? So we are refiling it. Most people say we lost. We didn't lose. We are refiling it. Everything will work out for the young people, most of whom aren't so young anymore, by the way, but it will work out for everybody. Biden is fully controlled by the fringe of his party. He is thereupon. He doesn't even know where the hell he is, let's face it. He is so socialist. To be in charge of his environmental policy and his energy, energy -- you can forget petroleum. How does oklahoma feel about being petroleum-free, not good, right? [booing] our country will have no energy. Our country will have nothing. Oklahoma, texas, north dakota, and many others will all be out of business. I don't think that's going to work out too well, but she is in charge of environmental policy, and you know what that means. She doesn't even want wind. She doesn't want those killing machines that go round and round. You want to see a lot of birds that are dead, go under a windmill sometime. She wants us to go back to the stone age is because she has no sense, no credentials. She has a little charisma, not much, but she doesn't have a clue. You know it, but she is in charge of the environment. No airplanes. We can forget going, come to think of it. Let's cancel those brand-new air force ones. Likewise, representative omar. [booing] is going to be very much involved in a joe biden government. They will put this hate-filled american-bashing socialist front and center in deciding the fate of your families in deciding the fate of your country. I don't think so. [booing] she would like to make the government of our country just like the country from where she came. Somalia. No government, no safety, no police, no nothing. Just anarchy. And now she is telling us how to run our country. No thank you. And I think, I think were going to have a big victory in the state of minnesota, because they have had it. [cheers and applause] they have had it. Biden is a will link trojan horse for socialist. When biden first ran for President over 33 years ago -- remember, I called him 1% joe. He never got more than 1%, until obama took him off the trash heap, but he blatantly copied the speech of a british politician, even ripping off the man's personal biography and family history and claiming it was his own. He forgot to say he was born in America. Joe biden is a shameless hypocrite. Since 2003, he has delivered eulogies to the funerals and at those funerals of three leading supporters of segregation, including a former member of the kkk, and yet biden is now smearing as racist tens of millions of people like yourself , decent, hard-working americans, who he has never met, and frankly probably doesn't want to meet. America should not take lectures on racial justice from joe biden. Sleepy joe. [cheers and applause] a man who partners with segregationists. Shipped millions of black American jobs over the seas, and everyone else's jobs, too, by the way. If I didn't come along, we are building automobile plants. We are building everything. There has never been a comeback like we are making right now, never been. [cheers and applause] he hollowed out our middle-class , including a black middle-class , with open borders, trapped young children in failing government schools in the cages -- those cages were built by obama and biden. Look it up. 2014. And the fake news doesn't want to -- remember the picture of a cage, a cage for children? Member the picture of the cage and they said President trump and they realized that wasn't a newspaper in 2014. Built by obama and biden, the cages. [booing] and they don't want to report the way it is. They know the way it is. They are not stupid. They send to young boys to fight in iraq, while the inner-city struggle, helping banks, making cities less safe and secure for all. They have done a terrible job and they should not be rewarded. They should not get rewarded with an election victory on november 3. It shouldn't happen. It will destroy this country. Our country will be destroyed. We won't work too hard. They don't know what the hell they are doing. Some do actually, but in a sinister way. Virtually every policy that has her black americans for half a century, joe biden has supported or enacted. I have done more for the black community in four years then joe biden has done in 47 years. [cheers and applause] racial justice begins with joe biden's retirement from public life. We are joined tonight by many outstanding republican leaders. These are great people. We have two of our most distinguished, hard-working wonderful friends, senators. They do a great job. Senator jim inhofe and James lankford, please stand up. [cheers and applause] two very respected, I will tell you, two very respected people in washington. They are respected by everybody. They do some job. You could come up, but you should relax. Jim is running on november 3, jim inhofe. He is running on november 3. I don't even know. Hey james, does he even have competition? Is somebody running against him? There's no competition that he has got. I know he has jamess's support in my support. I give him one hunter percent endorsement. Jim inhofe. I would give it to James too, but he is not running this time. Great job. What a great Senator he is. Also here is a man respected by so many. He is a little bit right of the people we are talking about tonight, Senator tom cotton of the great state of arkansas. [cheers and applause] thank you, tom. They like you people. Thank you. Great job you are doing. We are glad to be joined as well by a man I have gotten to know. He has done an incredible job with covid and everything else he touches, governor kevin -- [cheers and applause] thank you both. Thank you both for being here. Thank you. Lieutenant governor matt -- [cheers and applause] thanks, matt. Thanks, matt. And representative tom cole. He has been here for a little while. He has done an incredible job. [cheers and applause] mark, you don't want to fight with him. [cheers and applause] I want to put him and jim jordan in a match together. None. Kevin hern, great job today, kevin. [cheers and applause] the great jim jordan, jim jordan. [cheers and applause] lee selden. [cheers and applause] tom isemer. These are warriors. That includes the senate on the house. These people are incredible. David. [cheers and applause] a great friend of mine, debbie lesko, arizona. Great job, debby. Great job. And the man who has very good genes, greg Pence. [cheers and applause] thank you all. Great job. They are. They are warriors, I tell you what. Not every person is, but this group is, and we have a lot of them in washington, and we will send jim inhofe back and we will send all of them and one of them. They have to come back. They have been fighting for us, and they have been fighting for you. They are incredible, talented, strong, tough people who love your state a lot, so thank you very much. [cheers and applause] so we built the greatest single economy in the world, and then we and they never challenge me, so I guess they are right. We have the best numbers anybody has ever had. We have the best employment numbers. We have the best employment numbers in history, the best stock market numbers in history. [cheers and applause] we were the end of the world. Everybody was coming to see me. Presidents, prime ministers, kings, queens, and dictators. Dictators would come and say congratulations on the economy, in the play came in, and now what we are doing is we are doing it again and it is going a fast and we have to have a lot of it done because people don't like it, but people we are doing record business. It is happening at a level and a level and the speed that nobody can believe. Two weeks ago, job numbers came in, the single biggest number in the history of our country. [cheers and applause] last week. [cheers and applause] last week. [cheers and applause] retail sales numbers came in. Retail sales. The single greatest number in the history of our country. So here is what is going to happen. Here is what is going to happen. They blame a President for anything. When you see looters, even though we put him down, if we didn't stop them, nobody would, because the other side will never stop them, but they always blame the President. Here is what is happening. We are going up. We are going up. We are going up. We are going to be up. We are going to be way up. We are not going to be where we were but in many ways, other than all of the horrible, horrible death that was so needlessly caused by a virus that should have been stopped where it originated, which was China. [cheers and applause] but we are going to go up, up, up, up. August, september, october, and people are going to say, man, this guy is doing a good job. He knows what he is doing. I don't believe the fake news anymore. And you will not want to lose your 401(k). And you will not want to lose all of that wealth you have accumulated, whether it is real estate wealth or any wealth you can think of, because it all comes tumbling down whether these people are put in charge with that they double or triple, or quadruple your taxes. It will be a whole different ballgame, so i'm not putting any pressure on anybody, but in the end, we are going to have a phenomenal economy makes you were going to have a good third quarter, and next year, I said it before, will be the single greatest year economically that we have ever had, ok? [cheers and applause] and if you see that happening, if you see it happening on november 3, you're going to have the guts to vote against trump. Even you. Even you. You don't have the guts to vote against trump. Wait a minute, darling, my 401(k) is higher than it was last time. I don't think I want to take a chance. You will not want to do that. The stock market has been the best -- think of this. Go back one week. Go back 50 days. In that 50-day period, it is the strongest 50 days in the history of the stock market. Think about it. [cheers and applause] and your wife or your husband says, darling, I love you so much. You are such a great investor, and all you did was keep the same crap you had the first time. Darling, I love you so much for you have always been a loser and you have always lost money, but now under President trump, you are one of the greatest financial minds in our country, and all you did was keep your stocks. They are going crazy. They want the stock market to go down. [booing] even if it cost them money. [booing] they want the stock market to go down, even if it cost them money. And they don't know why. They are smart and they are vicious, but they don't know why. I'm telling you, they don't know why. What is wrong with having the strong's military in the world, all brand-new? What is wrong with having these great economic numbers? What is wrong with having to close it down? We save millions of lives. They said we should have gone heard. Ask them if they are doing good in brazil. Not good. You heard about sweden, right? Ask them how they are doing in sweden. We save millions of lives, and now it is time to open up, get back to work, ok? [cheers and applause] i've recently signed groundbreaking criminal justice reforms. I secured record and permanent funding for historically black colleges and universities. [cheers and applause] we slashed regulations and past massive tax cuts to give black workers a pay raise like they have never, ever gotten before and lift up black-owned businesses. [cheers and applause] and I worked closely with a great Senator also, friend of theirs, Senator tim scott, south carolina, to create opportunity zones, which are doing incredibly, and since then, countless jobs and $100 billion of new investment -- not government investment -- have poured into 9000 that are most distressed neighborhoods anywhere in the country, 9000. Never happened before. [cheers and applause] tim scott. Today I am also announcing I have directed secretary or other interior David bernhardt to place the John hope franklin reconciliation here in tulsa on the african-american civil rights network. [cheers and applause] so many of my friends have been asking me to do it. So many of my friends, including these great politicians. So we are going to do that. It will be done very quickly. We will forever remember and honor the courageous people who helped build this state in this country. Democrats are stoking division in order to distract from their decades of failure on schools, jobs, housing, justice, and crime. In major cities, public schools run by democrats, over two thirds of students are falling behind in reading and math -- and I think the numbers are worse than that -- but Democrats would rather deny these children the future they deserve than allow them to attend the charter , public, private, religious, or independent schools of their choice. Pro-choice. Pro-choice. [cheers and applause] pro-choice for school. It is very popular, but some people, it is like a disaster, because what it does to certain unions that have a lot of power over the democrats, even though they know it is wrong. Republicans believe access to education is a civil right. It is a civil right. [cheers and applause] 20 of 20 of the most dangerous cities in America are controlled by Democrats. Think of that. 20 of 20. And so is nearly every major city with a child poverty rate that is over 30%. They are controlled by Democrats. We can name every one of them. The murder rate in baltimore and detroit is higher than el salvador, guatemala, or even afghanistan. How are they doing, the Democrats running those cities? Your whole country will be like that. In 2018, police arrested nearly 12,000 people for murder and manslaughter. 25,000 people for rape, and nearly 1. 5 million for assault, violent assault. The Democrats push against our police will drive up crime and drive up costs to levels you would never believe. Thousands of innocent lives will be lost. As president, I will always support the incredible men and women of the law enforcement. [cheers and applause] a vote for republicans is a vote for better schools, better jobs, safer families, and stronger communities for all americans. [cheers and applause] there is no limit to what we can together achieve with four more years. [cheers and applause] with your help, we will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work, dependents to independence, and poverty to prosperity. That is what is happening. That is what is happening. [cheers and applause] and that is happening at a level that nobody ever thought they would see. It was happening before this covid came in. It was happening at a level that nobody believed possible, and then China sent us the plague. Thank you very much. [booing] we will protect medicare and social security for our great seniors. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, always, always. [cheers and applause] we will appoint more judges to interpret the constitution as written. We will indent police sanctuary cities. We will finish the wall, which now has 212 miles built, and beautiful. [cheers and applause] 212 miles. That is a lot of miles. And let me tell you, you think that was an easy one? That was a tough one. The party was totally unified against building the wall. In the end they gameve up. You know why? These open borders, I love when they fight for open borders, because when anybody wants an open border coming in from rough areas, there is something wrong with those people. Did you notice in the end there was like, just leave us alone. Build this or. Just leave us alone. I said, thank you very much. -- build your wall. Just leave us alone. I said, thank you very much. [cheers and applause] we will reelect a republican Congress that puts American workers first. [cheers and applause] we will revitalize our cities and build gleaming new roads, bridges, tunnels, and airports all across our land. We will and back trade deals that result in more products with that beautiful phrase "made in the usa. " beautiful. So beautiful. [cheers and applause] made in the usa. We have so many plans coming into michigan and so many other states. We have car plants coming in that would never have come if I wasn't president, would have never come. We will become the world's premier pharmacy, drugstore, and medical manufacturer. That has already started. We are bringing it back. [cheers and applause] we will keep America out of foolish, stupid, ridiculous foreign wars. We will never hesitate to kill america's terrorist enemies. [cheers and applause] you know when I took over, Ice sis was all over the place, and we did something I felt we should do. And we have now obliterated, we have now captured 100% of the is caliphate, 100%. 100%. [cheers and applause] and, like our depleted military when we took over, like our empty shelves medically when we took over, like all of the things when I took over there where a mess, we have done a job. You ought to see what Isis was doing. They were getting bigger, bigger, bigger. I came in and smaller, smaller, smaller. Sir, we have just taken 100%. [cheers and applause] we will launch a new age of American ambition in space, and the first to land on mars. [cheers and applause] you saw the beautiful rocket three weeks ago go up. Beautiful. We will defend privacy, free thought, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheers and applause] and when you see those lunatics all over the streets, it is damn nice to have arms. [cheers and applause] interesting how all of a sudden people understand it, right? You could not sell it. Now people understand it. The right to keep and bear arms. We will protect your second amendment. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We will support, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States. We uphold the principle of equal justice under the law. We believe in the dignity of work in the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. [cheers and applause] we believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always salute our great American flag. [cheers and applause] and we live by the words of our national motto, it will never change, in God we trust. [cheers and applause] we stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the panama canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industries, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater and greater every single day. [cheers and applause] proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together , we are taking back our country. We are returning the power to you, the American people. [cheers and applause] with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. [cheers and applause] we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America will soon be thriving like never before, because, ladies and gentlemen of oklahoma, the best is yet to come. [cheers and applause] together, we will make America wealthy again. [cheers and applause] we will make America strong again. [cheers and applause] we will make America proud again. [cheers and applause] we will make America safe again. [cheers and applause] and we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, oklahoma. Thank you.