ID: CSPANDT249202070
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Jacksonville, Florida
Date: 2020-09-24

Hello, jacksonville. We love jacksonville. I am thrilled to be back in my home state of florida with thousands of loyal, hard-working American patriots. This is so proud. I just wish the cameras which show the crowd. They don't want to do this. They don't like to do that, you know? It is harder for us to win because we have a fake news back there. But somehow we just keep on doing it. Isn't it crazy? It is interesting. When biden comes to florida, they have like 12 or 13 people. He has eight a , has a hard time filling up the circles. Here we have some he like 30,000 people. That is a lot of people. 40 days from now we are going to win florida. We are going to win four more years in the white house. This is the most important election in the history of our country, I believe that. We are dealing with people who are crazy. They are going to raise your taxes. They are going to take away your second amendment, you know that. Your second amendment is not going anywhere with me, I can tell you that. The Democrat party has been completely taken over by socialists, marxists, far-left extremists. They embraced the comedy , policies of communist cuba, socialist venezuela. They want to and the American dream for hispanic americans. We love hispanic americans. They released a poll today. It said trump is doing really well with , what is going on with the hispanic , it took you so long to figure out I love you. How long does it take? Hispanic americans are great. They released a poll. Nobody has seen anything like it. The republicans are beating the Democrats with hispanic americans. [applause] we are doing great , we are doing great. They never liked to show those polls. We think we are winning like , by a lot. The only poll that counts is on november 3. So get out there. Don't let them bluff you. The republican party is the party of jobs, safety, and freedom and we will ensure America never becomes a socialist for communist country. I said, socialist country. A socialist or communist country. These people are crazy. Kamala is further left than bernie. I did not know that. She is the furthest left in the u. s. Senate. She was up at 15% when she started. You know that, right? And then she went to 11. 6, 4, 2, 1. She left before iowa, the great state of iowa, where I made ethanol possible for them. I gave our farmers 28 billion dollars, thank you very much, China. They were targeting iowa, nebraska. A lot of our great state. Wisconsin. Gave our farmers a lot of money. We have a lot of farmers in florida. Here is the choice facing every florida voter. Biden will deliver a crippling shut down. We did that and we saved millions of lives. Your governor has done a great job. Florida is down. The China virus, the China virus. Some people call it coronavirus. That sounds like a beautiful place in italy. It did not come from italy, it came from China. This guys talking, he will shut it down. I'm not shutting anything down. We are doing so well. Wait until you see the third quarter. I should not say it , wait until you see how good the third quarter is going to be. It comes out just before the election. You will not believe the numbers, you say. You will see numbers, nobody's going to see those numbers. We are hearing from 25-35% gdp. Nobody has ever heard of that before. I ran , Iran has a 25% gdp but it is negative. They just announced negative gdp. Be careful. I am delivering a safe vaccine and we are doing a record recovery. It is a record. Next year is going to be the best economic year in the history of our country. Unless a very sleepy guy got in and decided to quadruple everybody's taxes. He is a sleepy guy. Did you see he did a list this morning? You know what a lid is? You put out words you are not going to be campaigning today. He does the lid all the time. I am working my soft, I am in texas, I am ohio. North carolina, south carolina. I am in michigan. I am all over the place. Wisconsin. Thank you. Thank you. He puts a lid , I did not know what the hell a lid is and I have only been doing this for 3. 5 years. You are going to stay in your apartment. Or he put a lid on. I guess they do that for the press. The fake news goes home and they say how great he is. They say, he is a great candidate. He put another lid ,. He did a lid, he will not be working today. I am working so hard. Maybe he is right. Think of it. Supposing he never campaigns and he wins. You know how badly he is going to lose? I said, we cannot have a low energy individual as our President. We cannot. He is the lowest individual , energy individual I have ever seen. Maybe he is going to be great at the debate. He has been doing it for 47 years. Somebody said, he will not do well. I said, he is going do fine. They will give him a big shot or something and he will go out there. He will have energy. He will be like superman for about 15 minutes. Biden's plan will crush florida. My plan will cross the virus. We are rounding the turn. Under my leadership, prosperity will surge. I love normal life. We want to get back to normal life. We will resume the florida tourism and hospitality industries will reach record highs. Next year, will be one of the greatest years. Mark it down. If i'm wrong, you will say I am wrong. I will say, sorry about that. We are going to have a great year. Our country is doing great. Our military has never been stronger. We have taken out so many bad ones. Hopefully it is so strong we never are going to have to use it. You want to make it so strong, we have never had weapons like this. No country in the world ever possessed the power, the weaponry, what we have is so incredible. Nobody has ever possessed it for. Not russia, not china, not anybody. We are the envy of the world. Hope God we never have to use them. This election is about jobs. It is all made in the usa, everything we have read this election is also about law and order. They said, do not say law and order. That is tough. They said law & order very lightly and safety and liberty. I said, it is about law & order. We have to have law and order. These Democrat run states are a disaster. They are a disaster. You look at what is happening all over the country. Look at portland commit how bad is that? I will say last night in kentucky, I spoke to the governor. He pulled out his national guard and I give him credit. Mostly they don't want to do that. I said, let us send the national guard. I did it remember , minnesota. We are going to win and a soda. I did it in minneapolis, minnesota. They were having a hard time. Took a little longer than we wanted, but we got what we wanted. They formed a line, that was the hard part. They were not socially distanced , they were right next to each other. They had 250 thousand dollar uniforms. More stuff in their head. Computers, infrared goggles. They had everything. They walked forward with their canisters of tear gas and pepper spray. Remember the cnn reporter? He got hit in the knee with a can of what? That is right. He said, I am down. He was down. I feel badly for him, he went down. He was standing. He was saying, this is a friendly protest. It is wonderful to see the lovely people who are here. He is ducking. Behind him, the entire city was burning down. Why are they doing that? What is the purpose of it? I don't get it. He got hit with a canister of teargas. They say it hurts. That is only going 52 miles per hour. A bullet was about 2000 miles per hour. They say it hurts. They cleaned out that city. In half an hour, they had no problems. Minneapolis, it is one of the reasons I am going to win. Another is elon omar , ilyan omar. She is great. She loves our country very much. She has total disrespect for our country. I think she has hatred for our country. I would say she is a big reason she is , we are going to win. They are not too fond of her in minnesota. I will fight for the right of all citizens to live in security and peace. Joe biden is weak as hell. He surrendered his party to flag burners and anti-police radicals. The Democrat parties were in peace. My father, sit down, we will be here. What the hell? We have nothing else to do. I have nothing else to do except run a country. The hardest part about running the country is dealing with crazy Democrats. We are working on stimulus for people. It was china's fault. We can't get nancy Pelosi to approve it. She wants to wait until after the election. People want their money now. The Democrat party's war on cops, it is putting the lives of innocent police officers in danger. My father had great respect for law enforcement, for the police. He said, look at the cops out there. I said, never use the word cops. It is police. I have a couple of rough looking guys. I always find it a little hard. Police, he thought it was slang. I don't think they mind. We have a lot of them here. Does anybody mind the term cops? Who is the policeman or woman? Do they mind? A lot of them. A lot of them. Do they mind that term cops? No. They want respect and they want to be allowed to do their jobs properly. Do you agree with that? That is what I say. They said, we don't mind. Just respect us and let us do our jobs. Two sheriff's deputies were ambushed at close range. I called them both and they were ok but they were hit. Last night, two police officers were shot in louisville, kentucky. Every year, dozens of courageous police officers lay down their lives for people they have never met, people they do not know. People they never saw in most cases, right? They lay down their lives for people they have never met. Law enforcement , let's give them a hand, please. [applause] thank you very much. I tell them all the time, we have endorsements from all of them. I tell them, you have no idea how much you are loved. You do not get the true story. That is a lot of people back there. That is a lot of fakers back there. The problem with being on live, you make a little bit of a mistake and they say this was a horrible mistake. All right, thank you. That is enough of that. It is very dishonest. It is a shame. It does hurt our country. They do not show the protesters. Cities are burning down, storefronts are being exploded. They would have you believe there is nothing happening. It is the most incredible thing. No matter what your philosophy is, why would you want to , wouldn't want to show the facts? And then we fix it. Republican cities don't have trouble. Republican states do not have trouble. You go to different states, some of these governors, friends of mine. I have friends on both sides. Republican governors, red states, they look like, how is a thing like this possible? Because they have law and order. That is what it is. For the entire summer, joe biden was silent as his far left supporters assaulted police officers. Harassed citizen americans and set fire to buildings. There were rioters, looters. They were anarchists. He called them peaceful protests. He said, there peaceful protests. He may believe it. Honestly, he may say they are peaceful. I think he believes it. I actually do. It is the other ones you have to worry about because they call the shots, not him. He has called for the ridiculous cutting of police funding. Abolishing cash bail, if you can believe that and the closing of our prisons. That is a good idea. He even describes law enforcement as the enemy. He has taken it back, I assume. He has taken everything back. He has taken anti-fracking back. But it is the first thing they say, they stick with. Biden's anti-police crusade must stop. I will always stand with the heroes of law enforcement. I was honored to receive the endorsement of 48 sheriffs right here in florida. Three weeks ago. And all over the country, law enforcement from texas, arizona, ohio. Michigan, wisconsin. Pennsylvania, new york's finest. They had never endorsed a presidential candidate. The national troopers coalition. Chicago, how about that? Chicago police, they endorsed me. All the major law enforcement organizations. They go back home to mommy, they say mommy, I am sorry. I am sorry. You know the incredible thing about that? I didn't hear anything except our crowd. They have no voice. They are screaming at the top of their lungs, but their lungs are very small. I didn't hear , all you hear , like this here. If you wouldn't recognize them, we wouldn't even know they exist. The headline , we had one young protester. The headline will be, trumps rally broken up by protests. One very young girl, she is a girl. Am I allowed to say a girl? She looks like she's about 16 years old. How the hell did that happen. 250 generals and military leaders. Hundreds and hundreds of military spouses have given their complete and total endorsement to our campaign. To uphold the law of our land. And to uphold our constitution as written. On saturday, I will be announcing my nominee to the u. s. Supreme court. [applause] we are doing it at the white house. The rose garden of the white house. Unless it is raining in which case we will still do it there. It is beautiful, the white house. We love the white house, right outside the oval office. They do not want us to do it. Democrats say, you shouldn't do it read why? We have a lot of time. None ask you one simple question. If it was them instead of us, do you think they would do it? This will be a very talented person. It will be a woman. I am sorry, man. It will be a woman. All right, ready? Who would rather see a man? That is trouble. Try it again. Who would rather see a man? That is not good. Who would rather see a woman. [applause] I think it would be , I think it would take tremendous courage. I don't care how great the man is. None, I would like to tell you that jim fitzgerald , you would see a lot of very unhappy faces, right? My opponent refuses to release his list of potential justices because they will be handpicked by extremists like representative alexandria oh because you cortez , ocasio cortez. Sometimes known as aoc. One of the three is omar. They will pick the first. If biden does that, if he puts an extremist into that position, he loses everything that is like normal. If he does the other way, he loses the left. I would love to have him put up a list. I could see with that list would be. I can already tell you the people on that list. You would not be happy. That would be the end. If given power, biden and his supporters would pack the court. We have won races. This will be my third. We are in great shape. You see what is going on with the republican party? How unified the republican party is? Right? We are unified. It is a beautiful thing to say. Thank you, met. , mitt. Even mitt is on board. Having a unified party. When they did the impeachment hoax, we had 197-zero. That is ok. I am no longer angry at mitt because he is being very nice in the right thing. They want to pack the court. These are things that are horrible. I guess we could do that, too, right? Remember, it was harry reid that made this possible. Chuck, every time you complain, remember, it was harry reid. Your person in charge. It was harry reid who made this all possible. Thank you very much, harry. I hope you are enjoying your evening. They blame on us. Harry reid gave us the power, the new their option , nuclear option. He wants to pack the supreme court with radicals who will terminate the second amendment, confiscate your firearms. Strike under God from the pledge of allegiance. Scared down crosses , tear down crosses from public spaces and force taxpayers to fund extreme late-term abortions. These far-left justices would release violent criminals, shield foreign terrorists, impose sanctuary cities and declare the death penalty totally unconstitutional. It will be totally unconstitutional. They want to declare it unconstitutional for even the most depraved mass murderers. It is a tough thing. They came to my office today for clemency. I said, what was the crime? The crime was so horrible. I won't tell you what it was, but it has been going on for 21 years or so. The crime was so horrible, this person committed to. I said, I cannot talk about it. It was so horrible. That is usually the case. Usually the case. Like the boston bomber. By the way, they want to give votes to prisoners, people in prison, they want to give votes. We said, remember, bernie? One thing about him. He is the greatest loser I have ever seen. It is true. I mean that in a respectful way. What they did to him with hillary was bad. This time was even worse. Elizabeth pocahontas warren would have left the campaign one day before super tuesday. With her ideology, basically. She is the radical left. She was really fresh. How bad was elizabeth warren to joe biden? There was only one person who was worse. Kamala. It shows you my great instinct. He will never pick kamala because no human being who has been treated worse than kamala. She called him a racist? She called him xenophobic. She called him all sorts of things. Things that were so bad, I cannot say them. I said, she is out. He picks her. We always pick people going up, not going down. How good is mike Pence? Is he great? He is a solid guy and he is a great guy and a great Vice President. He is in michigan, he is everywhere. Where did you go today, mike? I went to michigan, north carolina, south carolina. I went to wisconsin. He is an incredible guy. He loves the people of this country. You cannot do better than mike Pence. If you want to save america, you must get out and vote. In just 3. 5 years, we have secured our borders. We built the awesome power of the u. s. Military. A blooded Isis caliphate , obliterated Isis caliphate. Fixed and disastrous trade deals and they were a disaster. I said, who agreed to this? Stupid people. We brought jobs back to America. You had the greatest year here have ever had last year. The greatest year you have ever had. Under 16 years of presidents, obama and bush, household income rose only 2000 $900 , $2900. In three years, and including energy, because look at the savings, how are you doing at the gas pump? Did you ever think that was going to happen. In three years , less than 3000 , you went up $10,000 including energy. We lifted 6. 6 million people out of poverty. The largest poverty reduction in the first three years of any President in the history of our country. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world. Not only here. Everywhere. For years, I heard that china, and 2019, was going to overtake us. That did not happen. And then they released the plague but it did not happen. I got hit hard themselves. I wonder if they understood they were going to get hit, too. They could have stopped it. They could have stopped it going all over the world, 188 countries including Europe and the United States. We have added a record 10. 6 million jobs. Including 3. 3 million first panic americans. Both numbers are a record. When the plague arrived from china, we launched the largest mobilization since world war ii. We pioneered lifesaving therapies. Europe has almost a 50% greater mortality rate than the u. s. . You see they are being hit very hard. The fake news saying, I don't know if you are doing as well as Europe. Now Europe is exploding again. They do not want to talk about that. That is not good for their narrative. Our early and aggressive action saved many millions of lives. Through operation warp speed, we developed and disturbed did a vaccine. We will have a vexing so soon, you will not even believe it although they are trying to do a little bit of the political hit. Let's delay the vaccine just a little bit. We have three great companies and others also. Johnson and johnson. Pfizer. Moderna. Great companies, all of them great companies. I took historic action to get critical release is for American workers. We saved 3. 2 million florida jobs. We are launching a historic effort to bring our medical supply chain back home where they belong. In 1996, joe biden voted to eliminate puerto rico's thriving pharmaceutical industry. I am reversing that. They are going to have it back soon. That was joe biden that did that. They vote for a Democrat. What is the purpose? He is the one that did it. Look how devastated , what he did to our african-american community and people do not want to talk about it. What he did was devastating. He is not good for anyone, let's face it. Last week, I announced $13 billion that goes to disaster relief for puerto rico. They got hit hard. I hope they remember that. That was given by trump, not by the Democrats. Our hearts are also with the communities in the panhandle. I love the panhandle. [applause] you are great , your governor is doing a great job. He said they love you in the panhandle. I think I am out like 99. 9%. We took care of , we took care of the panhandle. He remembers , do you remember hurricane sally? We took care of it. Ron said, we need more money. I said, how much? I said, you got it. Don't come back. Sir, we need more money. That is I guess a good governor, that is what a good governor does, right? That is what a good governor does. I approved a major disaster declaration. We will be with you every step of the way. We are there so fast. Other presidents took a long time to approve them. We know what is going to happen. We took care of florida. November 3, florida will decide whether we return to record prosperity or whether we allow joe biden to kill the recovery. Impose a four between dollar tax hike. Then , ban American energy, destroy the suburbs. Give free health care to illegal aliens which means millions of people are going to pour into our country. And dr. Rate children with anti-american lies. To combat the toxic left-wing propaganda, I announced something that was very popular. We are launching a new pro-american lesson plan called 1776. [applause] we will teach our children the truth about america, that we are the most exceptional nation in the earth and you have not seen anything yet. I have issued an executive order to prohibit the teaching of critical race theory. That doctrine promotes America as a wicked nation. Rewrites history and teaches people to be ashamed of themselves and be ashamed of their country. That is not happening anymore. We fired so many of these wiseguys. We have one guy getting $350,000 a year teaching our military this stuff. He said, what happened? He said, you are fired, get out. Many people. It has become a cancer. It is like a cancer. If they are not gone, let us know. We have to unite as one proud American family. We are joined by some incredible warriors, incredible people. One is a man that came to this state and what a job he has done. Rhonda santos. , ron desantos. He is doing a great job. How are we doing in the election? November 3? He says good. We better do good. He won a great primary. And then he beat a man who had a great future. I do not think it is too good. He did not choke under pressure. Much more important is the first lady of florida, casey to santos , desantos. The mayor of jacksonville. A really good guy, I got him , he wanted to do it so bad. We wanted to have a republican national convention right here in jacksonville. But the timing was a little bit bad. We got hit with covid as they say. We got hit with the China virus. But he was absolutely fantastic. Your mayor, lenny ciurry. , curry. Are you ready? Some of the greatest, toughest warriors you ever will meet during the impeachment hoax, they said this is the biggest pile of crop you have ever seen. I am the only guy in history who ever got impeached for a perfect conversation. Everybody said, what is wrong with this? We sent it to the justice department, we said, please check this. Thankfully, there were people who were taking it down, exact notes, and it was perfect. We sent it to the justice department. Please examine this conversation. They called back and said, what exactly are you looking for here? These guys are used to looking at killers and drug dealers. We said, explained to us, what are we looking for? This was the greatest hoax. None you see what happened? They caught him? They got him cold. We will talk about it. They now find out trump was 100% truthful. It was a hoax. They got them cold. It was just announced. Dan's convene a , they got them cold. We will talk about it in a second. These are warriors. When I needed warriors, I had them. Representative matt gaetz. [applause] what a great guy. What a guy. Big future. Thank you, matt. Thank you. He is very shy on television, right? He is great. Thank you, matt. Ted yoho. Ted? Great job. A man in charge of all spying, he was so good, matt and ron and ted and a lot of people came to see me. Mike, another great one. Thank you, mike. His John rutherford here? [applause] what a good job, John. Thank you for the help. Michael waltz has been so great. Candidate for congress, cat. Cat was in the oval office. I said, how are you doing? I am a 42. 42 points. That was a big trump district. That was a great when you had , win you had. I really appreciate it. We also have some others that are running for different offices in the republican party. We love the republican party. They have been incredible. We also have some of our unbelievable undercover operatives. If you don't mind, I will not introduce them. None so badly. None bring them up here. None hug them and kiss them chime not allowed to do. They may lose some effectiveness if I introduce them. They are great champions of our country. Thank you. [cheering and applause] and also, here is a woman , I mean, she was tough. She was in charge of a great state, michigan, and she said, republicans hadn't won michigan in many decades. I was doing so much for the business and jobs and bringing people back, recommending and telling them, you're losing your business to mexico, canada, and told musical, they gave the man of the year in michigan , and 12 years ago, they gave me the man of the year in michigan. All of a sudden, I am running for office. A woman, it was unbelievable, she said, come give a speech. She said, I am in charge of michigan. I said, I hear we don't have a chance, we should win michigan. She said, you will win here if you come here. She called again, and again, I couldn't take it. She wanted me to do one more. I know you are going to win, do one more. Just two weeks left. And I said this is it, I devoted a lot of time to michigan and everyone says you can't win. By the way, just got a poll, we are three points up in michigan. She used to call me mr. Trump, I wasn't President yet, she said, sir, please, this one time, three weeks out. I said, this is it. That's it. So I did it. The net before the election, she said, you are going to win michigan, but you have to make one more stop. [laughter] and I made it on election day. I arrived at 12:15 in the now morning, that was no election day , now election day. I started speaking at 1:00 in the morning on election day. My wife said, are you crazy? We have 32,000 people. The reason I went, she wanted us there, but we found out that croghan hillary clinton, barack hussein obama, and mrs. Obama and bill clinton were traveling to michigan unexpectedly, because as bill clinton told them months ago, you are going to have trouble with trump in michigan. They didn't want to listen to him. He said you're going to have trouble in wisconsin, too, and be careful of minnesota. This was clinton. They were laughing. They thought it was very funny. But they knew they were in trouble. I went there, I started speaking at one of clock , at 1:00 in the morning with 2000 people that grand rapids. They had 500 people. In grand rapids. I said, we are not going to lose this day, as far as the eye can see. I said, we are not losing florida, I can tell you that. You can feel it. You have an instinct. We are joined, as well, by a group of incredible supporters who have recently walked away from the Democrat party. They walked away from the Democrats. They just registered as a republican. Thank you. Thank you. They are going to be voting for us. I thank you. You are all over the place. Thank you. Thank you. They are smart. They have common sense. We have spent the last four years reversing the terrible damage joe biden inflicted over the last 47 years. Together, we have taken on a corrupt and broken system that's been throwing everything at us from the very beginning. Remember this, I have done more in 47 months than joe biden has done in 47 years. [cheering and applause] [crowd chanting] but today, text messages were relieved from the fbi agents involved in the Russia witchhunt. Did you see? This is what I was talking about. The headline from the federal industries, "trump was right, explosive new fbi text, detail over handling of the investigation. " we caught them. Remember the insurance policy? She is going to win, isn't she? Yes, 100 million to one. That is not good as for me. 100 million to one, lisa. I love you so much. But it was for some reason , but if for some reason, she does not win, we have an insurance policy. You can't be any more obvious than that. These people are scum. They were trying to do a coup, who would think? [applause] and we cut them before that , caught them before that, we caught them spying on our nation. This was a big day. They are coming after me, because I am fighting for you. [cheering and applause] for decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars, and defending foreign borders. But now, we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back home to the usa. [cheering and applause] joe biden champions of a global is betrayal of America for 47 years. He was a cheerleader for nafta, the worst trade deal ever made. He was a cheerleader for china's entry into the world trade organization. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to china's rampant theft of American jobs, and I proudly signed a historic executive order making it official government policy to buy American and hire American. [cheering and applause] by the way, you have to see this guy, he is using my slogan. I saw it the other day, "buy american. " i've been saying that for five years. I'm telling you. You have to come up with your own slogans, joe. We invested $2. 5 trillion in the u. s. Military to launch the first new branch of the u. s. Armed forces in nearly 75 years after the air force, the space force. We passed v. a. Choice and v. a. Accountability. We have a 91% of , 91% approval rating in the v. a. The highest and history. , the highest in history. 91% approval. We used to see things in the news about how badly vets were treated. Now we have a 91% approval rating. None I can announce the v. a. Is approving a new lease for a brand-new veterans'health, veterans' health care clinic. We killed the founder and leader of isis, al-baghdadi. We took out the world's number one terrorist all over the world. Number one. [cheering and applause] the mass murder of American troops and many others, qasem soleimani, is dead. He deserved to be taken out. I kept my promise, recognized the truth capital , pro capital of israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. , the true capital of israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. [cheering and applause] I also recognize israeli sovereignty over the golan heights, and instead of endless war, we are forging peace in the Middle East. He saw what was happening. [cheering and applause] , you saw what was happening. [cheering and applause] I was nominated for two nobel peace prizes last week. You know. [cheering and applause] and I told our great first lady, I was nominated for the nobel peace prize. I'm here to come home early. I have to watch it on nbc news, which is one of the biggest scam jobs i've ever seen. Mbc. Probably worse than cnn, nbc. We will watch second blaze nbc. , place nbc. They are bed. , they are bad. None, they start off with something else, something else. Now the show was almost over, they are now mentioning the nobel peace prize. This is very embarrassing, but then it was ok, because two days later, I got nominated again. That was for israel. [cheering and applause] I got nominated. And I remember when obama got , they said, barack hussein obama was disseminated for the nobel peace prize. , was just nominated for the nobel peace prize. What happened? In serbia, they are not killing each other anymore. Totally different. The first was israel. Bahrain, uae, this one was kosovo. I said, first lady, let's give it another shot. When barack obama got his nobel prize, immediately after he got elected, they asked him why did he get it, he had no clue. Nobody knew. It was a big story. Breaking news , they didn't have breaking news when I got it. We understand the press. We understand it very well. The lesson ministration made a pathetic one-sided deal with the castro dictatorship that betrayed the cuban people and enriched the commonest regime. My opponents stand with socialism and communism, I stand with the proud people of cuba, venezuela, nicaragua. You're going to win that very singular. The lesson ministration, also negotiating the terrible , the last administration also negotiated the terrible deal with colombian drug cartels. They surrendered the narco terrorists , to the narco terrorists and caused illicit drug production to soar. We worked with our colombian partners to launch a historic rebel operation against the drug traffickers. Since april, we have seen the have disrupted 227 metric tons of narcotics. Nobody has done anything like that. Nail-biter and has put forward the most injuries and extreme platform of any major party nominee in history. The bad news is, you doesn't know what it is. The biden plan would destroy social security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions. It will drain your medicare by giving free health care to illegal immigrants. All immigration enforcement will enforce totally open borders. He would terminate our travel bans on jihadist regions. Remember I got that approved? They kept saying he lost. Have a travel ban , we have a travel ban. And increase the floodgates to radical islamic terrorism. He wants to ban school choice and charter schools, which are absolutely imperative for our children. In the second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all americans. In conclusion, we will make America the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. [cheering and applause] we will make our medical supplies right here in the u. s. We will hire more police. Increase penalties for wrongful law enforcement and then sanctuary cities. We will defend the dignity of work in the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheering and applause] we will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep out of america, of our great country, we will stay away from those ridiculous foreign wars. , endless foreign wars. They never end. Endless foreign wars. They are all coming home. We will maintain america's unrivaled military might. And we will ensure peace through strength, and nobody has strength like we have strength. Peace through strength. We will and surprise medical bills, require price transparency, and for the reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs. They will be coming down by 30% -70%. They are spending a lot of money right now, big pharma. We will strongly protect medicare and social security, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. [cheering and applause] America will land the first woman on the moan, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars. , the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars. [crowd chanting] thank you. That's really nice. I had such a nice life before doing this. But no administration has ever done, in the first three and a half years, not even close, what we have done. And that is very gratifying, I want to tell you. [cheering and applause] and thank you very much. We'll restore patriotic education. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. [cheering and applause] [crowd chanting "u. s. a. "] and we will live by the timeless words of our national motto , "in God we trust. " [cheering and applause] for years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for americans, standing up or the great people of florida. , for the great people of florida. [cheering and applause] get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote. We have to win this election. The most important election we have ever had. Early voting has already begun. Don't wait. Vote. It is safe. Go out and vote. Here we are doing very well, that is what the word is, we'll see. From tampa, to tallahassee, from orlando, to miami, from pensacola, to write here in jacksonville , [cheering and applause] we stand on the shoulders of florida patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. We inherit the legacy of American heroes across the oceans, blaze the trail, settle the continent, pave the wilderness, dug out the panama canal, laid down the railroads, raise that the skyscrapers, went to world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and from here, in this beautiful, beautiful state, this son-drenched state of florida, , sun-drenched state of florida, we launched American astronauts to the moon. We made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come. [cheering and applause] proud citizens like you e build this country. Dtogether, we are returning the power to you, the American people. [cheering and applause] with your help, your devotion, your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. [cheering and applause] we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. [cheering and applause] and together, with the incredible people of florida, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, florida. Thank you, florida. (music) ["y. m. c. a. " playing] young man, there's no need to feel down I said, young man, pick yourself off the ground I said, young man, 'cause you're in a new town there's no need to be unhappy young man, there's a place you can go I said, young man, when you're short on your dough you can stay there, and i'm sure you will find many ways to have a good time it's fun to stay at the ymca it's fun to stay at the ymca they have everything for you men to enjoy you can hang out with all the boys it's fun to stay at the ymca it's fun to stay at the ymca you can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal you can do what ever you feel young man, are you listening to me? I said, young man, what do you want to be?