ID: CSPANDT2510202093
Title: President Trump Campaigns in New Hampshire
Date: 2020-10-25

Thank you very much. Thank you. What a group, what a group. We love this place. This was my first victory, right? This was our first victory. Remember that beautiful primarily that we had? Trump came in and trump one -- won and it was off to the races, right? So I want to thank you. Hello, new hampshire. It is great to be with you on this beautiful day. This beautiful day. Nine days from now, we are going to win this stage. Can you believe nine days? And we are going to win for more -- four more great years in the white house. This is the most important election in the history of our country, the most important election, and I never thought I would say it after what we went through with the last one four years ago. This is a more important election. Because we are fighting people that -- we've got to end the fight, we have to put them down, we have to end the fight. Our country will never be a socialist country. For the last half-century, sleepy joe biden has been outsourcing for jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in the endless, horrible, ridiculous foreign wars. Afghanistan, 19 years. He voted for the war in iraq, but for himself, did you know today, you know what happened? He put the lid on. He is constantly putting the lid on, constantly putting the lid on. Let lid means, I guess it refers to a garbage can, you put the lid -- he is putting the lid on. This guy has more leads -- there is something going on. Somebody said it is strategy but it is not because strategy would be coming out. By the way, a lot of things are happening, have you been noticing? I just was asking some people to go back to the fake news and go to the back -- a lot of people -- I wish those camels which show behind the cameras, there are thousands of people, thousands of people there. And thousands of people outside, thousands. There are thousands of people outside, but have you been noticing what has been happening? People know we have done a great job. What is going to happen? This is going to be as exciting, maybe, I don't know, you can't say more exciting, you remember that beautiful night in november four years ago? Well, I don't think this one will be as close. Thank you. That is a chant -- in all fairness, has anyone in the history of politics -- think about it, ronald reagan was popular but they never had that chance. That is a chant -- I won't even say it. I don't want to cry. But ronald reagan never had that chance, nobody has ever had that chance -- that can't. -- that chant. These people are vicious, these people don't report the truth, it is very hard, they don't report the truth. I asked them, would you please turn the cameras -- they don't do that. They never do. They have this shot all the time. I don't have that big an ego, I don't want that shot. This shot. You know what they show? They show myself and five people back there. On occasion, some of the people back there become big stars because they are on camera, but they never move the camera and I used to think it was the way it is, you couldn't move it, many candidly -- mechanically, but we don't that anymore. They used to have little problems and the cannot youth to turn like a pretzel because they viewed that as a bad thing and the camera would turn around, they would turn like there was nothing to it, but they never show the crowds. They don't show joe biden's crowd when seven people show up. You know what? They don't show barack hussein obama, he came out to campaign two days ago. And they had 42 people. He drew flies, you ever hear the expression? Obama drew flies. But they don't show that. But we want them to show our grouse because there has never been anybody -- this is us as a group -- anybody, any group, any movement that has gotten the kind of grounds that we have. And I was told about new hampshire -- I understand they have a lot of friends who live up here but I understand new hampshire. I was told you can't have big routes, you have to go to everybody's dining room and have dinner with them. This was even as I was campaigning, I said, i'm sorry, it doesn't work, you have to get together. You have guys that had nothing much to do, they are politicians and they will go with two or three people every night and they do this for years and then they come seventh in the primary or something. I said, we have to do this -- we have been doing this from the beginning, you have the arena that holds a lot of people, we packed that all the time but with the covid, we keep talking about cases, you know why we have cases? All we do is test. If we cut our testing and half -- they wouldn't say that. The cases would go down in a half. We are coming around, we are rounding the turn, we have the vaccines, we have everything, we are rounding the turn. Even without the vaccines, we are rounding the turn, it is going to be over. You know who got it? I did. Can you believe it? Every time I have these meetings, a lot of people -- I can't put myself in a basement for the next year and a half. Or I can't go to a beautiful bedroom in the white house and lock myself up for a year and a half. You are president, you have to do your job and I have meetings. I leave a meeting and I say, that wasn't good, you know, there is a lot of people, it a lot of love and the room, it a lot of time there is no love at all, but I say, that might not be good. But you have to do your job and I went in what they do is incredible, the doctors are incredible, especially when you are President because you have more doctors. I don't know if I could ever get you to do this again, going back to normal where you have one doctor. You have a doctor for every part of your body. And they want to touch you, they want to grab you. Sir, i'm a specialist. Can I check this? I said, I would prefer not to. I didn't feel good and -- wonderful doctors. The white house doctor is terrific, they are all talented people, but I had 12 of them. I had doctors from the best schools, the best hospitals in the world because you are president, right? I said, i'm not feeling good, what are we going to do? The following morning, I took something called regeneron, the following morning, I felt like superman. I did not want to cancel anything. No, we didn't want to be canceled. We did not want to be canceling a lot of things. We did not want to say -- I don't know what is wrong with joe biden, he doesn't go anywhere. When he does, is delaware. I like delaware, but he just wants to state next to that house, he feels and comfortable. Yesterday, he did some rally with the horns. The camera made a terrible mistake about the guy is going to get fired, because the camera turned around and there were so few, there was nobody there. Then he got agitated. You saw that. You know who was there? Our people were there. They were screaming and he can't speak well. He was having a hard think too well. He was having a hard time. And he got very angry. Obama was getting angry too. They went out, and it was all our people. Only Democrat run. They are all closed up in many cases. Locked down. You have an excellent governor here, right? Can I say that. Sometimes I say that and people do not like it. But you do. And his father's grave. His father, you know, sununu -- he was tough. Once we won, there is nobody better. They are a good family. They've done a good job. You open up. Here we are. But -- I guess he figures if he keeps the lid on he will not make a stupid statement. He made one yesterday. He said, I am getting tired of smart people. He said that and then he said something much worse. He said we have the most corrupt -- he did not mean that. He did not mean that, but I think we will put a clip up -- we have a new deal -- do you see that little screen -- that cost a lot of money. We like you, the great state of new hampshire. If we like you, we will put that up and we have little clips like -- he is against social security , things like that. And his oil comments. I would not say it was winston churchill, but he was ok. And then all of a sudden, he came out with the oil and he wants to transition. He wants to transition. I said, are you listening, texas, are you listening, pennsylvania -- actually, are you listening? Because of new york, you have the highest energy bills in the country, new hampshire, all of new england because they will not allow -- we will do this anyway, but they won't allow a pipeline to go through new york up to new england. You know that, right? Upstate new york has been an economic disaster and people are leaving. It would reduce your energy costs by 50, 60, 70%, and governor, will not allow it. I get stuck with everything. You know? I get stuck. We will get it done. That 50 percent, 60%. It means a lot to everybody. Sleepy joe -- are they turning the cameras around? People don't even believe it. Look at them. People don't even believe it. The media, the fake news is too close to me. I am saying this to my representatives. If you look back they could have magnifying lenses that are really good. Our lives are blocked out by the ache news, right? But sleepy joe voted for nafta, which was the worst thing that ever happened to your state. In china's entry into the world trade organization, he shipped away your industries. New hampshire drugs. For some reason you get hit harder more than anyone else. We got it down 19%. We got setback. We went to the precinct. For some reason your drug problem, opioids and everything else is greater than most other states proportionately and we focus very hard on new hampshire. We had a setback when he played came in from china, but we got it down. We will get it down a hell of a lot more than 19. And you allow drugs, deadly drugs, really deadly drugs. They flooding into your schools and towns and communities. More in new hampshire than any other place. In 2020 you voted to fire the depraved establishment and you elected an outsider as your President who is finally putting America first. This is not the crowd that comes in second, ok? It's like a bowl except more accurate. When you leave a place like this with thousands and thousands, outside -- when you leave, you say this is not a state where you are going to come in second. Come in second. Even if you came in that beautiful air force lane -- you know, I will tell you quickly. Is there any football game? We don't watch football as much. Until they stand and our country. When I first came in, I said how old is air force one. We have the greatest. That plane looks like it is today's old, right? But his 30 years. Can you believe it? I said, what's going on. They said they are negotiating with one. It's essentially two planes. Air force one is to planes. You're very spoiled. I guess they figure it is a little broken, you were about the second one. But it is the most incredible machine. So, anyway, that's a long time. I'm good at airplanes, ok. I said, you've got to be kidding. To airplanes, ok? $78 million. So 5. 7. I said this is first week. We're not going to buy it. I said that's too much money. Not buying it. He said what you say it's too much. I said, obama agreed to it so it has to be too much. I didn't know anything about it. But I knew if they were buying it was too much money. I said, i'm not going to do it. I went to a General. I said General I want to cancel the order. Yes, sir. I said why can't we keep using -- at least right -- planes would come in especially from other countries and it would be a brand-new 747 -- it's actually much different plane. Much older. Much bigger means span -- wingspan. So, isn't it better than having a teleprompter? As beautiful as that is far more beautiful, more everything. So I said, general, it is a side contract. He said, yes, sir. Said by the way, no problem, right, yes, sir, problem. Good. Yes, sir, we have a termination fee. How much is the termination fee. We place hundred $50 million and we are allowed to terminate the contract. Size it, 250 million -- sir, 200 $50 million. We have to pay $250 million to terminate the contract. General, don't terminate it because to get it, but I don't want to pace hundred 50, just don't terminate. Tell them we don't want it. I told him, I wanted and we negotiate -- I don't want to. And we negotiated for about a month. It's got to have a three. He comes back a couple -- and takes a couple million off. I said, we don't want the planes. I said, we want to blame. I don't want to pay 250 -- by the way, I can tell you 300 of the stories, right? I just see the plane sitting there, so beautiful. I can't go to Europe and ordered the comparable plan because there's no comparable plane. I said, no, we're going to get used to this. It will be just plan -- just fine. They bring it down another couple hundred. And then you start dropping like a rock. We agree to 3. 95. I had one generator added. Not a big deal. So it's 3. 9 is supposed to -- isn't that nice. It will be as beautiful as that. Our plane will be red white and blue. And then they came to me and the General came to me and he said, sir, I know the way you like everything to be perfect and instead of coming down and seeing the british airways, it is a three-story building, right? If it's raining or the wind is blowing -- the little one is a different deal, but the big one, by the time I come down that stairway sometime -- sometimes i'm like that. The wind is blowing. Does anybody have a mirror. He said, sir, we can build a new stairway. It's a spiral stairway. I said that's a great idea. I said, how much? He said, 50. I said, well. I'll take it. I said, i'll take it. So for $50,000 -- no, sir, $50 million. I said, I don't want this for $50 million. He said, we can build it for 50. That's a lot of money for a stairway. We can do it for $50 million. So I decided to let my hair get messed up, right? That's a long story on the beautiful air force one. Can you imagine after all that I better win this contest. Can you imagine -- sleepy joe would not even know what plane to get on. At this is very nice. How old is this plane, he was a? Brand-new, sir, brand new. You have to see the striking. It's incredible. There will be nothing like it. He won't appreciate it. So, that is a story I could tell. I could sell 100 stories like that. It's all the waste. It's all exam. We had to spend $3 trillion on the plane. Peanuts, we are talking. We got hit by the China play. We will never forget it. You watch. Sleepy joe biden doesn't care about new hampshire. He left this state before the primary was even over. He abandoned you. He likes to say pennsylvania -- he left them, too, when he was nine years old. And based on the polls I am seeing, people understand that very much. A lot of strange things. We are doing fantastic in iowa. Fantastic in north carolina. We think were doing good in pennsylvania. We are doing great in the great state of texas. In these are people now, we are doing great all over georgia. It's going to be a very interesting evening november 3. You know the biggest risk we have, fake ballots. They sent millions of ballots all over the country. They found some in the garbage can, military ballots. They found them in the garbage can. Thousands and thousands. 500,000 incorrect applications in virginia. Thousands and thousands. The biggest risk we have are the fake ballots. I voted in person in florida because I like to vote in person. Call me old-fashioned. But a lot of our people -- so, I went to florida. Sir, do you have an invitation. They didn't mean to be Rude. I took out a passport. I did some passport. When italy be nice to have voter id, by the way? So the woman was great. Very smart. I gave her the id. She said, I think you might be President trump. Ok? And then I said, they gave me the voting thing, very good. I went through every one. They say, sir, is this it. Sir, you can go to the booth. I said, I don't what to keep a secret. I voted for Donald Trump. None keep it secret. Now if I voted for sleepy joe that would be a story. But I went in and the people were fantastic and really professional people. Great people. I took a plan, a ticket out. Put it in a put it on again there were certain things they had, a lot of different races, the presidency and other races, good races, thuman, and I said, well. There was no cheating. There's no way you could she. There is no way anything can go wrong. It was like a perfect deal. Now they think of that. So, that's one way. The other way, they send millions of ballots. We don't know who is sending them. We don't know who signed them. They have that thing where you don't have to have any verification of the signature. It is so terrible, and you know of knows it more than us, the Democrats. All the Democrat run states of the ones that are the problem. And they know it and they say he is against our freedom. No. None have a real election and I call them unsolicited. I say solicited is good. You know, etc. Which is not as good as being there. But when you have unsolicited, meaning you don't want to call it universal, what does it mean? It does not mean anything. I came up with the name. The have millions of unsolicited ballots being sent all over and it's no good. It's no good. And it's tremendous. The only good thing is we have people watching them like crazy, law enforcement and people like yourselves, but philadelphia, which is notorious for what goes on. We want poll watchers. Why will they let you have a poll watcher. What is wrong. Inc. Of it. Philadelphia has been unbelievable. You have a wonderful candidate who ran a number of years ago, a man named mitt romney. [corwd booing] rowd booing] pres/ trump: he did very badly in philadelphia. We want poll watchers in philadelphia. If they will let you have a poll watcher, what is that all about. So we're watching very closely, but I was really impressed in florida because there was no way it could there could be any cheating. There's no way you were voting twice, voting 20 times not voting at all. It was a beautiful thing to see. But the ballots are not that way. The Democrats know it is a hoax and you know, it's going to cause problems. In the and we have a ruling from a court. And then they can take time in the state of pennsylvania, which we love. I love pennsylvania, I learned it does I one of the last time I guess crooked pillory, right? And we have a situation where they have their ballots in a long time to count the ballots. A lot of bad things will happen. That means that pennsylvania, and major state from a very important to me, and went to school there -- if we don't know the result, it always has been you generally find out that night. We could go on forever with this. Frankly, it's a crazy ruling and we shouldn't let it happen. I think that is my biggest year, my biggest risk. The millions of unsolicited ballots. California, they are sending millions and millions and millions of ballots. People are getting ballots but don't want them. It's a terrible thing. Sleepy joe biden works for big tech and big donors. I will tell you, when you watch what happens and how he's being protected, because you see what is going on. He is a corrupt politician -- and I would say the primary reason he is putting the lid on it again is because he cancer the questions. He can't answer the questions. He goes to china, the family makes a fortune. He goes ukraine,'s husband gets $183,000 a month. How about Russia? Russia. The mayor of moscow, $3. 5 million for the sun and yes to give his father tim percent and there's another one that is 50%. What the hell is going on? And in the media refuses -- except for the new york post, which their stock has gone way up. I have a lot of respect for the new york host. Sub -- new york post. I am not just running against joe biden. Censors who want to manipulate and control the American. And if you say anything bad about biden, they block you. They take you down. It's unbelievable. High quality people. Someone puts up the story about this fighting corruption which is incredible and they block the story and take down the site. It's unbelievable. The great charlotte kirk. Charlie for. We will continue to fight or American workers, lower drug prices. We need to get drug prices down, way down. It already happened. Some portland police, protect the second amendment. Made in the usa, like the old days. We go back to the old days sometimes. People used to be so proud of that. We will deliver groundbreaking therapies. I don't know. Maybe I didn't need it, but I took that regeneron. Like superman. The same vaccine and we have some of our greatest companies coming out very quickly with these vaccines. It's got to be delivered fast. We're rounding the turn but the vaccine will get it down fast. Because we want normal life to resume. Normal life. In that year will be the greatest -- last year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. I can say this for every state in the union just about. I'm have to go check. I'll have to be like joe where he has no idea. Think just about every state in the union. You see what is happening. The atlanta fed just predicted, this is not a forecast. Gdp has risen for the third quarter. The number will be by november 1 -- hopefully you will have voted by that time. That's the crazy thing. The news has been very good at predicting gdp up by 35%. I think 8%. Eight or 9% or something. 35%. Faster than any other country in the world. We have gone down less and went up faster. I delivered the largest tax cuts and reform in the history of our country. We cut taxes. We double the child tax credit and increase the median household income to the highest level ever recorded. And we had to close it up saving a million lives and now we are opening it up. The biden-harris agenda. What you think of harris? More liberal than crazy money, can you believe it? Bernie is crazy. There's no question, but he's a good sport. Is a great sport. No, no, have you ever seen someone loses a much and be so happy about it? Is bernie running again in four years? Is bernie sanders projected to run again. You know, he fights. He somehow does not mind losing because elizabeth warren, a neighbor of yours, super radical left -- not as bad as money, not even close to come all of -- kamala, if she would've left before super tuesday, bernie would have lost. When people voted, they split the vote, so bernie sanders would have gotten all of it. If he got just a few of her votes he would have won everything. He said, explain how does that work. He wanted to know how that works. The radical biden-harris agenda -- you saw this in the wall street journal, it will cut your income over a year, and also it will destroy at least 5 million jobs. Joe biden is promising the largest tax hike in American history. This is the first time. We were in ohio, in wisconsin. I am doing three or four of these suckers a day. Any got the lid on. You can have a President in this world rehab President she, President putin, and a lot of people. You cannot have a low-energy President. There's a reason he's got it. I'm trying to figure it out. And I have a feeling is because of the corruption. You see where he walked out in primetime right after it happened, holding Ice cream. And the press asked him, what flavor is it, sir. I think it's a nala and chocolate. They'll ask me questions like that. What flavor, sir? Think he likes me too much. We better win. He's not a nice guy. People that knew him in primetime, he was never a nice guy. I'll think is nice guy. But now he's probably more agitated than ever before. A missile aimed at the heart of the middle class. That is all it is. We have a tremendous number of current -- of companies. Now they are opening up all over michigan. Ohio. Shinzo had to retire. You got to open some factories. I don't care really got to open up the factories, shinzo. Look, we don't have anything to do with that. This is the private sector. I said, you are a powerful man. You can do it. He said I really can't. I said you have to. The next day, five companies reopening of factors. He's a great guy, shinzo. I hope he is going to be well. He's a great leader from japan. In my second term I will pass another historic middle-class tax-cut. Biden -- all my life, I have been studying politics. I watched it on the other side. Everybody, they came to my office. I was a contributor to everybody. All my life I watched. I have never seen this where someone will go, we will raise your taxes, vote for me. I have always watched politicians, we will cut your taxes, we will cut your taxes, we will cut your taxes. We will raise your taxes. People say, does a lot of people don't get it. They go, did I hear that right? So, biden wants to eliminate oil? Think of it in texas. He can't get away with that. He almost made it. Then that last question got them. -- got him. In kristen who is not particularly in my camp -- I thought she did a good job that she looks at him and goes, why would you do that? When I said, yeah, why would you do that? And for sleeper's party you said -- I said are you listening, texas? Are you listening pennsylvania, and are all of the people in the country because we have an energy independent country right now? Once we get new hampshire in new england -- and we get across new york, which we are very close to getting, these prices will be very low. In nobody else will be able to get that. That I can guarantee you. Five dollar gasoline. Where you now? Armenia. You know, armenia. We are working on that. Do you believe a got three nominations for the nobel peace prize. In the middle east, we have the bahrain, the uid -- the you a -- and yesterday we got sudan. No cost. Know this, know that. The opposite way and then we got serbia. Serbia. Kosovo. These people have been killing themselves. They've been killing each other for years and years and decades and we are dealing with both of them. I said, fellows, if you get your act together, we are doing trade deals -- your been fighting each other for years. I told my people. Tell them they have to work a deal, otherwise we will not do a deal with either of them. And you know what? They hugged and they kissed in the oval office. This is after many years. That deal was worse than israel. If you think about it and the palestinians. They will come together. They will come together. 750,000 million dollars a year and we said, look, we will not make a deal. It was a terrible thing. They say death to america, death to israel, derek, etc. . So you will end up with peace in the Middle East. And a neighbor of yours, John kerry said three years ago it would be impossible to do the deal -- no, that is the only way you can do the deal. He's in the Middle East. What we have done is pretty amazing. So we signed the deal, so they gave me a nobel prize for that. They gave me a nobel prize for something else. They should give me a nobel prize -- when I say nobel prize, nomination. I don't know. I don't know. But serbia, so now we have armenia. They are incredible all. We had tremendous groups. And the problems that they have and the death and the fighting. We will get that straightened out. I call that an easy one. Ok. Go back, people. We will get it straightened out. It's easy. If you know what you are doing. Think of that. We are doing these to do. We're not doing either deal. And they both came back. They came back. They were hugging and kissing. It was incredible thing. Where we doing? We're saving a lot of lives. Normally I would not tell you all this stuff. Where are we going from here. There's no more nfl that you watch. Do you think that sleepy joe would be doing these things? I don't think so. He will go back to bed. Hillary used to spend a lot of time in bed, too. But she had more energy than him. What is the difference between crooked hillary clinton and biden? Always leader both crooked. Let's get -- obviously they're both crooked. She had more energy, but not much and she's a more intelligent person. I will say that. She's a much more intelligent worsen. Until she used the word deplorable's, I thought she was very smart. Biden is also about to impose the highest business tax rates. That will be a mass exit us. That is what happens. We don't want people to lead. We want them to stay. Biden also pledged to eliminate tariffs on China. I gave our farmers -- this may not mean much to you, but I gave them $20 million, and it kept them solvent and strong. In other words, he wants to raise taxes. There's no one that was to see us raise taxes more than China because they are going to pick up the business. So remember if biden win's, China wins. If we win new hampshire wins in America wins. Besides that, how can he make a deal with China? When he's taking a lot of money. His son walked away with a billion and a half dollars. So how can a guy like that seriously -- if you see the letter on that deed, that laptop he has got -- do you know what it's called? It is called the laptop from hell, you know? Did you see he wants $10 million a year from China for introductory reasons? He's going to introduce them to people. They will introduce him to his father. So this guy -- we won't say why and how. He's no longer in the navy. And then his father becomes Vice President and he's making tens of millions of dollars. And joe is making it. We've got to give 10% to the big guy? What does that mean. What does that mean? Explain that. That is why joe has the lid on. It will also reimpose the individual mandate penalty, which I ended. The most unpopular parts, which really makes it not even obamacare anymore. We took the most egregious thing in obamacare. You had to pay a fortune for the privilege of not paying a fortune, and in the meantime, we brought the rates down. We will see what happens with the supreme court. We're always protecting people with pre-existing conditions. 80% of this tax would fall on americans making less than $40,000 a year. There's virtually no aspect of American life that joe biden does not want to tax and regulate into oblivion. I think the biggest reason we were successful is I took more regulations than any President. He will also massively cut that she has always wanted to do those. Massively cut your social security. I don't know what he's thinking. I have never seen a politician that wants to hurt social security that survives and then he denies it. But you will see it in a second. Just listen to biden. Roll out the video. So he did try to take your social security. And he has said for a year there will be no fracking and then he goes to pennsylvania and he denies it in the media never did anything about it. They'll ask him to russians. At but the other day, one of the better parts of the debate, I think -- his party will never let you frack. It's a million jobs. Millions and millions of dollars in energy costs. I will cut your taxes, not raise them. I will always protect your medicare and social security. The selection is a choice between a trump recovery -- and I call it a trump super recovery. That is what happens. And abiding depression. If you give 10, you're going to have a depression the likes of which you have never seen before with the possible exception of 1929. He is going to raise your taxes. He is going to put in all these regulations. It will take 18 years to get it approved. And it may not get approved for environmental or safety reasons. But we have regulation cuts. He wants all of that garbage back in. All that wasted, wasted stop. And we need regulation. But it's got to be reasonable. So, you have a choice. We're not locking down. We are taking care of our elderly. And we will be careful. But we are not locking down. The biden lockdown would wipe out the greatest economic come back of all time. Desperately hurt our small businesses, inflict harm on our children and reduce the life expectancy of our people. You see what happens. I came up with a statement. I think it was me. The cure can not be worse than the problem itself. Look at michigan. How she is so vicious. She's vicious to everyone but her husband. He can do whatever he wants. He can go sailing. Michigan has to open. She was running, like, jail cells out there. Fortunately you people are in good shape. Lockdowns will lead to a surge in drug overdoses. Drug, alcohol, tremendous family disputes we have marshaled the power of our federal dust federal government keep people from getting hooked on drugs. It has had tremendous impact and is really -- you know, I learned so much about that drug problem from new hampshire. You have incredible law enforcement. I met with them. They know this. Biden is the shutdown candidates. The Democrats are the shutdown party. They want to shut down your schools and they will shut down your freedom and they will shut down our come back. We of the greatest economy in history. We were so far behind. 2. 2 million people are going to die. We have such incredible people. We didn't have ventilators. We have all that we can use. They were all thankful on the phone. Sir, this is incredible. If this happened to not good people, these people, right there, they would say, we are not happy with the job the President has done. We have the masks in the ventilators and every thing else, but now we have the vaccines coming way ahead of schedule. If this were another administration, you would not have vaccines for three years. You would not have regeneron. You would not have these new super drugs. You look at the mortality rates. Down 85%. 85%. Look at Europe. There are never ending shutdowns that never stop. It will work out. It should never have happened. They closed up most of China but they did not close the world. They let it come to Europe and the u. s. . Joe biden has made a corrupt bargain. He has handed control of his party over to socialist. They are filled with rage. This election day the people of new hampshire must stop these radicals by giving joe biden -- and it's really not joe biden -- it's the people that control him because joe does not have a clue. Joe does not have a clue. I really believe he does not have a clue. We can say, oh, it's ok. There's nothing to feel sorry about. This is democracy. We have to do what his rights. He's not a nice person. We have to give the Democrats a thundering defeat and that includes congress, that includes your senate. We a very good senate candidates. Corky is -- where is he? Is he here? He is doing great. He better do great. He is running against someone who does not help our nation much, I will cut you that. And congressional candidates -- matt bowers and steve negron. Where are they? Where are they. Hello, fellows. And also my friend who has been with me since day one. Are we doing ok? Are we doing good? He is the head of the gop. They said, when would you like it? How about sunday. I got in at about 1:00 in the morning. I went to north carolina. I went to ohio. The crowds were unbelievable. I got back. Because biden and his group said -- what is this all about? I was more focused on China. I called the commissioner of football, nice guy, warren. I said we got to get it back. I had a great group of people, jim pataki and others, and we got big ten back. We got big 12 back, too. We have big ten opened up. Ohio state one and wisconsin one, so they both one. -- won and wisconsin won, so they both won. Steve had been with us for the beginning. He was fantastic. He was with us for the great primary when. -- win. Another that was with us. He said it, sir, we are going to win. I said, say it again. He is a good guy. His name -- i'm sure nobody has ever heard of him -- corey lewandowski. [applause] where's cory? -- corey? There they are. I am looking for these people. Hi, corey. Doing ok, corey? Are we going to win, corey? We better. I will never speak to you again. [chanting four more years] hey, corey, next time you can take a bigger chunk of the runway, please. Pretty big crowd, right? But even bigger is what is outside. Cory is a friend of mine. He is great. He loves this state and he is a great person. In my first three years, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again. I see the head -- make America great again, again. Make America great again. I will add another "again" just so I can send you all an extra hat. It all goes to the campaign. Make America great again. We had it. It was the greatest. We had the greatest economy. I will tell you something. We were coming together. I was getting calls from people that normally I would not be getting calls from. We had the best numbers, the best everything in every way. And things were happening. Success will bring us together. And we will soon be in that position again. Very soon. [applause] we increased family income over $6,000 more than -- over $6,000, more than five times the gains. Think of that. In 3. 5 years, we did more than they did in eight years times five. I mean, think of that. African-american unemployment, hispanic American unemployment and asian American unemployment all reached the lowest levels ever recorded. [applause] women had unbelievable numbers. More women were working than ever at any time before. Think of it. Think of it. Think of that. [applause] and by the way, suburban women -- [applause] I got rid of the regulations. You know, they keep saying, he is not going to do well with suburban women. You know why they say that? Why, because I will stop crime. The antifa people, and only happens in the Democrat run areas, like in portland, but the next stop is suburbia. I got rid of regulation that would allow projects to be built right alongside your home. I have a feeling suburban women will be voting for trump. And, you know, if biden -- if biden gets in, they are putting that regulation, very specific, they are putting that regulation back and you are going to have low income housing and projects bill, crime like you never saw, and you are going to want to get the hell out of suburbia. So I think we will do very well with suburban women. Remember last time, four years ago. I suffered with this for six months. Our first lady, by the way, says hello to everyone. She says -- she tested positive also. How about that? She was positive and then she was better within a few days. She is great. People love, they love millenia. Everywhere I go, they have signs, we love our first lady. Great, first lady. They don't treat her well, but that is all right. She understands it. She has done a great job. Very popular. But when you look at what we have done -- four years ago, he will not do well with women. "he will not do well with women. " and then they said "well, he did well with women. " they cried. They said "what happened? What happened?" wasn't that the greatest evening, really? Remember? I wasn't going to win florida, north carolina, pennsylvania. Michigan was not even talked about. Nobody had one michigan for decades and decades -- headad won michigan for decades and decades. Donald Trump is one the state of ohio by eight points. -- has won the state of ohio by eight points. They all said "eight points? What is going on?" eight points, Donald Trump won. We won florida, georgia, south carolina, and the firewall, they called it. North carolina -- they spent a fortune. They spent a fortune in north carolina. We won north carolina and we just ran it up and it was a beautiful -- right? And we saw unbiased anchors, very unbiased. He was shaking his head, like, this is not that bad that he lost florida, that hillary lost florida. But when we started getting into pennsylvania and north carolina, he started getting a little bit worried. That was an amazing evening and we will have an even more amazing evening. After the virus hit, we recovered faster than any major nation in the world. We are in the process now. But there is no nation in the world that has recovered like we have recovered. Since april, we created a record 11. 4 million jobs. We have spent the last four years reversing the damage joe biden and obama inflicted. Look. We have done more in 47 months than sleepy joe has done in 47 years. And I really mean it, too. I really do. Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt and treacherous political class that I have had to deal with. And nobody told me the swamp was going to be that vicious. Swamp creatures. I cannot even believe it. I thought it would be a lot easier. They are tougher, smarter, more vicious, and we are beating the hell out of them. We are beating the hell out of them. And they got rich by bleeding America dry. These same wealthy interests are now phoning my opponent's campaign. By the way, you know all the money he raises? I could raise much more. I could sit for one day in the white house and call of every guy on wall street, the heads of every firm. "i need $10 million right now. Give it to the campaign. " I would set every record in the book. I do not want to do that because when you do that -- when you do that, number one, we do not need it. Less time, hillary spent three or four times more money. It is not about the money. In fact, recently I was criticized. "hillary clinton raise more money than donald trump. " I said "what the hell?" they were bragging. My father told me if you can win and spend less money, that is a good thing, not a bad thing. But I would have those donors. They would be talking trump raised $900 million. I could do that so easy but I do not want to do that. If I do that, you will see there is something wrong. I am the President of the United States. I know many of these people. Every time he raises big money like that, they have made deals. I serve the people. Joe biden has proven to be a corrupt politician, whether you like it or not, a corrupt politician. And if I do not sound like a typical washington politician it is because I am not a politician. [applause] and the people of new hampshire, you had a lot to do with it because that was a very big when we had here in that primary. You do not want a politician. If I do not always play by the rules of the washington establishment, it is because I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder than any President has ever fought before. [applause] I ended the nafta nightmare, and you know it better than anyone else. You have the scars of it better than almost any other place in the United States. And probably signed the usmca, which has just kicked in. A whole different ballgame. I would not say mexico and canada are thrilled with that deal, but that is ok. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in u. s. History. [applause] and the wall is going to be finished very shortly, over 400 miles, we are doing 10 miles a week. 10 miles a week. We are doing 10 miles a week. Biden and harris -- the wall. You notice they don't talk about the wall. They used to say the wall will never get built. Every day, front page, hammering me, hammering me. I had a major party, the democrats, along with the fake news media, big tech, and the rino's, too. That is republican in name only. That used -- they used to hammer me. Then I want a couple of cases. -- won a couple of cases. Now they never mention the wall anymore. And by the way, mexico is paying for the wall. You do know that? Biden and harris have put forward the most radical immigration plan ever conceived by a major party, including nationwide catch and release, which means open borders. It is a disaster. You catch a murderer, you catch a rapits, and you release them -- catch a rapist and you release them. Joe said, and then they come back. No, no, they don't come back. I told them only a low iq individual things they come back. He said they come back in four years. Nobody comes back. Why would they come back? There is no reason to come back. They would never come back. 1%, tiny fraction comes back. And he was so solid on that. He was -- catch and release was a disaster. I ended it. We are not letting criminals into our country. [applause] our country would surrender control of our border and we would surrender control to the cartels in mexico, who are vicious. The biden border plan would be the biggest gift in the history -- there has never been anything like it to drug traffickers, to human traffickers. They traffic in women. Not so much children. Not men almost at all. They traffic in women. And because of the wall, they cannot come in. This is a problem, by the way, over the world. This is a modern-day problem at a level that it has never been before. They traffic in women all over the world and it is because of the internet, because of the computer, but because of the internet, and children to a much lesser extent, but women. They would be allowed to infiltrate the country and pump their poison into our towns and schools, especially places like new hampshire, where it was so prevalent before I came onto the scene. We are going to get a better. Under my administration, border patrol and Ice have seized over 2 million pounds of deadly narcotics. That is a number that is up. [applause] we even have our navy, our ships are now in the gulf and in the pacific getting it, because when we closed up the border, they went by water. They do not miss a trick. They are very smart, but we are seizing tremendous amounts in the ocean and in the gulf. Working with colombian officials, we have also seized or disrupted 227 tons of poisonous narcotics since april. Just since april. [applause] and then joe biden goes out and says the other day that America is nothing more than an idea. No. America is a great country, that is what it is, not an idea, and you cannot have a great country unless you have borders. Unless you have borders. We invested $2. 5 trillion in the u. s. Military, all made in the usa, much of it in new hampshire, and we have weaponry, missiles, rockets, tanks, planes, tankers, submarines, submarines. We have weapons. We are the envy of the world. Russia, china, North Korea. Take any -- we are the envy of the world and they all know it. Our nuclear plants are all brought back to perfect condition, or new, and just hope to God we never have to use it, but you know what? It will be far less likely to use when we have it, but it has all been brought back. We have the greatest weapons. The hydro sonic missiles they go seven times faster than a normal, very fast missile. We have the greatest equipment. We are the envy of the world. And hopefully, hope to god, we do not have to use it. We passed -- big veteran area -- where is big al? We passed v. a. Choice and v. a. Countability. We got it done, right? We got it done, so now, instead of waiting in line for weeks and weeks and days and days, we have v. a. Choice. You go to a doctor, get yourself taken care of, we pay the bill. We just got a 91% approval rating from the vets, the highest we have ever had by a lot. How is al? Where is al? Where is al? Al, did I do a good job with the vets? Look at him. Al was great. Al was so depressed when I first started running. I saw him. I liked him. A big vet. He headed. Up some groups he was telling me how badly the vets were treated. We got a 91% approval rating from the vets. Thank you, al. I hope you're feeling good. You are feeling all right, right? He went through a lot. We killed the leader of isis, al-baghdadi. And we took out the mass murder of American troops and many others, salome knee -- qasem soleimani is dead, both of them dead. I went through the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. I withdrew. The deal was nothing. The first call I get, if we win, will be the leaders of a ran. -- Iran. They're going to hell. They are down in gdp. I recognized the true capital of israel and opened the new American embassy in Jerusalem. And instead of never-ending wars, we are forging peace in the Middle East. A vote for republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all americans. Do me a favor. Vote for your senator, please. He is going to be such a great Senator. I don't know. It is probably a tough race, but you should vote. He will be fantastic. He is what we need. In conclusion. None say this. A vote for republicans is a vote for the American dream. And in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into in the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It is already happening. It is already happening it is already happening. We will hire more police. We love our police. Increase penalties for assaults of law enforcement. And we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. [applause] we will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. [applause] and we are giving you a great new supreme court justice. [applause] that will take place on monday. The Democrats are thrilled. Monday. Three of them, all great. We will maintain america's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency. Already signed and done. Goes into effect on january 1. Lower drug prices -- favored nations, lowest prices in the world. The drug companies do not love me too much. They get more ads than everybody has ever taken, but that is ok. And we will protect patients with pre-existing conditions always. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. [applause] and we will live by the timeless words of our national motto "in God we trust. " [applause] for years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of new hampshire. I am standing up. For the last four years, you have seen me fight for you and now I am relying on you to deliver another historic victory for our country. Get your friends. To get your family. To get your neighbors. Get your coworkers, even your bosses, and get out and vote. You have got to get out and vote. From nashua to bill, from portsmouth to plymouth, from concorde to claremont, and from meriden to right here in manchester -- I like manchester -- we inherit the legacy of red-blooded new hampshire patriots who live by the mortal motto, "live free or die. " -- mortal motto, "live free or die. " that is probably about as good as it gets? We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, settled the continent, laid the railroads, raised the skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And the best is yet to come. The best is yet to come. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. It is happening very quickly. With your help, your devotion, and george drive, we are going to keep on working, fighting, and winning, wending, winning -- devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, fighting, and winning, winning, winning. Together with the people of new hampshire, we have made America powerful again. Our military. We have made America wealthy again. Our stock market, 401(k)s. How are your 401(k)s doing? We have made America strong again. [applause] we have made America proud again. [applause] we have made America safe again. [applause] and we will make America great again. Thank you, new hampshire. Thank you.