ID: CSPANDT311202035
Title: President Trump at White House Summit on Human Trafficking
Date: 2020-01-31

Donald Trump delivers his state of the union address from the house chamber live tuesday at 8:00 pm eastern followed by the democratic response with michigan governor gretchen witmer and texas representative veronica escobar. Live coverage on c-span, on demand, c-span. org or listen on the free c-span radio apps. C-span, unfiltered view of government created by cable in 1979 and brought to you today by your television provider. Next, Donald Trump speaks the white house and on human trafficking joined by mike Pence and human trafficking survivor. [hail to the chief] (music)(music) [applause] thank you very much please. None thank you all for being here as we Mark the twentieth anniversary of trafficking victims protection act, very important. 20 years ago this nation took a historic step to protect the victims of this form of modern-day slavery in the United States and all around the world. My administration is 100% committed to eradicating human trafficking from the earth. I'm pleased to be joined this afternoon by mike Pence and members of my cabinet, attorney General william barr, secretary jean scully a, hello, jean, secretary alex aczar. Unfortunately in this case , acting secretary chad wolf, great job with those numbers, great job, deputy secretary stephen begun and thanks also to representatives chris smith, and wagner, Michael mccall and chip roy for being with us, thank you very much. And we have a lot of great senators that wanted to be here so desperately but I said stay where you are and do your job please. We also have with us ambassadors call mister gingrich, sam brownback and John richmond, thank you all very much. Thank you. And director of the fbi, christopher ray, thank you. And we have georgia attorney General chris carr, very active, thank you very much, thank you very much. Florida attorney General ashley moody, thank you. Florida lieutenant governor jeanette nunez. [applause] first lady of texas cecelia abbott. I just saw your husband, by the way, great husband, great gentlemen, north carolina lieutenant governor dan forrest, thank you very much, thank you, dan. And I am especially grateful to ivanka for her unwavering efforts, she has taken this under her wing. Thank you very much, thank you. Ivanka has been a champion for administrative and legislative actions to combat human trafficking, this issue has been so important to her. This and making sure people are ready to work and she has created over 15 million jobs for the people of our country, one of the reasons employment numbers are the best ever. 50 million and I would say this issue may be closest to our heart because of the level of evil you would never believe is even possible in the modern age, the level of evil is incredible. None thank you for both of the things you focused on, thank you very much, appreciate it. 50 million jobs, going to be 500,000. Daddy, I think we can do 500,000 within a week, she broke that it is up to 15 million, it is fantastic. I'm not surprised, mike, not surprised. We are also honored to have with the several extraordinary survivors of human trafficking and I want to thank you for being here you will come up when we sign it will be my great honor to say hello and shake your hand in your courage inspires us all I want to let you know that. Is the men and women in this room now human trafficking is a problem everywhere. Worldwide problem human trafficking is worse than ever before and that is because of the internet. I heard from William Barr and others the internet has caused lots of good things to happen lots of really bad things in this is the worst of the bad things and it is an incredible thing, estimated 25 million people around the world today are being held captive, and a belated, abused by human traffickers. In 2018 alone the national human trafficking hotline identified over 23,000 human trafficking victims in the united states, 65% of these victims were women, more than one in 5 were children, human traffickers pray on the most vulnerable citizens and people, they are vicious, they are violent. My administration is fighting these monsters persecuting and prosecuting them and locking them away for a very long time. We have had a tremendous track record, the best track record in a long time. We are dismantling the criminal organizations that make large-scale human trafficking possible. In my first month in office I instructed federal agencies to go out and just do what you have to do, all federal departments are doing what they do to identify and destroy these groups and we are destroying a lot of them. They come back quickly in different form. In 2018 the department of justice shutdown the leading site for online sex trafficking, the doj prosecuted a number of violent crimes. That is now a record number. Isis arrested over 5000 traffickers. These are great people. Great people. They are brave and love our country. Overseas we have seen historic progress working with us and using our intelligence with them. Isis control 20,000 square miles of territory and perpetrated some of the most heinous forms of human trafficking anywhere in the world. We totally defeated the Isis caliphate in Syria and iraq and it is 100%. We have thousands and thousands of prisoners, Isis prisoners and it has really been something that has been rather incredible and we did that rather quickly because when we came in as an administration it was all over and we have 100% of the caliphate. They are bloodthirsty, they are horrible, the founder and leader, our baghdadi, trying to rebuild Isis is now dead, got him and that was a big thing. That was a big thing and not an easy thing. He was hiding a have been after him for 15 years but we got him. My administration is putting unprecedented pressure on traffickers at home and abroad and we are freeing innocent victims at every single turn. I was proud to be the first commander-in-chief to attend a meeting of the president's interagency task force established by the trafficking victims protection act of 2000. In november I was the first President to sign an executive order to establish a task force on missing and murdered American indians and Alaska natives, just signed it. And this has a special focus on women and girls, an incredible thing that has been happening, we just signed it. I have signed 9 pieces of bipartisan legislation aimed at human trafficking, domestically and around the globe and in 2018 I signed legislation strengthening the department of homeland security's. Campaign which unified the department's fight against this crisis and increasing public awareness every single day. We have signed more legislation on human trafficking than any other administration has even thought about. We and acted - we , [applause] , and we will do what is necessary and we will do exactly what is necessary. There's nothing more horrible than this. We enacted bills to fight sex trafficking, increase support for survivors and raise the standards by which we judge whether other countries are meeting their duty to fight human trafficking, you have countries that talk and they talk, they are like politicians in washington, they keep talking, they do nothing about it. They do nothing about it and we spend a lot of money on these other countries and we let them know they are not doing their job. In some cases probably want to do their job and that is a pretty bad thing. We authorized $430 million to fight sex and labor trafficking and with the help of the state department, I have held foreign governments accountable for failing to address human trafficking by imposing restrictions on foreign assistance and powerful research. [applause] I have also prioritized increasing funding for anti-trafficking efforts in my 2021 budget allocating $70 million toward enhanced prosecutions at the department of justice and we are spending $123 million toward supporting state and local efforts. [applause] this is all new funding and these funds will benefit those on the front lines who are tasked with bringing down the perpetrators of this terrible crime so the kind of money we are talking about is far greater then you have had in the past, let me give the people that work so hard in this administration credit because they have wanted to do it more than the people in any other proceeding administration and you can read what you want, you can say what you want but nobody has done more than what we have been doing on human trafficking. [applause] today on the last year of national slavery and human trafficking prevention month I will take another very decisive action in a few moments. I will sign an executive order targeting human trafficking and child exploitation all across our country. [applause] this is a very big one. This order will build on an incredible work, the unbelievable work so many of the people in this room have been doing and all of the work that has been done and increasingly is being done, you wouldn't believe the level of enthusiasm people working on this issue have. I have many issues, economic, we have all different issues. I have never seen such enthusiasm for a single issue as I have for human trafficking. [applause] I have to say that starts with William Barr and chris ray, the fbi, starts with all the people in law enforcement, so important, something people really do appreciate so they collect and they coordinate, share vital law enforcement and intelligence information with other places all over the world and very important, we have made a tremendous impact, the problem is it is so massive, so many people, so many countries, we have had a tremendous impact. It will be posted online along with a comprehensive list of government resources, all of the things we do and where to go to find out about what is happening. This order expands prevention education programs, promote housing opportunities for survivors and prioritizes the removal of child sexual abuse material from the internet. [applause] and takes the vital step of designating a full-time position at the white house dedicated solely to combating human trafficking so people know how important it is. The United States government continues to work with the united kingdom, australia, canada, New Zealand in consultation with industry on a set voluntary principle. We have a set of voluntary principles to tackle online child sexual exploitation and abuse and the level of detail, the kind of things they are putting in, nobody has seen anything like this before. People working on it do it with heart and love and want something to happen. They don't want to be wasting time like people have been waiting for many years even people in this position, have been wasting time and not a lot of money. They haven't been spending a lot of money. We are now spending a lot of money. We look forward to launching these principles in the coming months. We will not rest until we have stopped every last human traffickers liberated every last survivor. [applause] good afternoon. Thank you for organizing this important event. It is an honor to be here to celebrate the twentieth anniversary of the trafficking victims protection act. At age 13 I was brought to this country. I survive trafficking with 19 other girls. "after words" I was placed in foster care but this negative experience in my past should not wholly define who I am today. Today I am a college graduate, and American citizen and I stand before you as the rest member of the council on human trafficking. [applause] the council is composed of survivor leaders to bring experience and expertise to provide recommendations to the president, task force, to monitor and combat trafficking, we represent a diverse range of backgrounds and experiences and we are sincerely grateful to this administration for the federal government efforts to prevent and improve trafficking programs and policies. We view this as big for trafficking survivors and the federal government. This council is a model for survivor empowerment and survivors approaching other countries, states and localities we learn from and adapt. This council shows a real and tangible way how survivors can positively impact trafficking efforts at the highest level of government. To truly be informed means not only prioritize the service delivery, must also include meaningful collaboration to stay informed of design implementation of the very policies and programs that affect us. No survivors should be viewed by the latest appearances. We acknowledge the strides federal government made in the last 20 years to combat trafficking as well as that of other stakeholders. We look forward to collaborating with a task force to realize the goals of the tv pa and we encourage all of you to review our annual report which will be released in april. Thank you very much for the opportunity to be here today. To end I would like to share with you a statement from the honorable judge alone roberts to the victims and survivors out there. It is never your fault no matter what so let go of that shame. It doesn't belong to you. You are never too old, too lost or too broken to begin healing today. Hope starts as small as a mustard seed, it will save you and most importantly you are not alone, you are not alone, you're not alone. Thank you and God bless America. [applause] mister president, attorney General william barr, members of the council, ivanka, cabinet secretaries, members of our diplomatic corps including ambassador gingrich, distinct members of Congress have worked on this issue for so many years with such heart and compassion, members of the law enforcement community and faith leaders and most especially bella and courageous survivors who join us here today, it is an honor to be with you on this historic day. [applause] we are here to commemorate the twentieth anniversary of the trafficking victims protection act. The President made clear from his heart we have a President who knows human trafficking is not only an unconscionable evil but an epidemic and in the United States of america, we will confront it as never before. [applause] you said in your proclamation marking this past month human trafficking is an affront to humanity and you have taken decisive action to bring human traffickers to justice, victims to safety and help survivors walk a difficult road to recovery. Like no President before you have made it a priority to target transnational criminal organizations that have victimized thousands of innocent people on both sides of our borders. The President and I are grateful for the efforts of all of those gathered here today, for your compassion, shining light in darkness bringing justice and determination to the American people to this cause but permit me to add one more voice of appreciation to a member of this administration who articulated the president's message on this issue with more compassion and more determination than anyone else in the history of this movement, what you join me in thanking ivanka trump one more time for her extraordinary leadership on human trafficking. [applause] the order you are about to sign would impact the federal response across our government and empower the agencies so well represented here to have more tools to combat the scourge of human trafficking and federal agencies gather information and make it easier for the American people to partner with this administration and with law enforcement in combating human trafficking. It would empower faith-based organizations to provide victims and survivors with more compassionate care and with more and more young people around America engaged in this issue by your order today you will give younger americans especially the ability to identify signs of trafficking, what dangers to avoid and how to break free if they have been victimized. [applause] our founding document to test the we believe every person is in doubt by our creator certain inalienable rights, life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness and today with compassion and determination of all of those gathered here, you again show the American people's commitment to justice and dignity and worth of every person and we thank you for your leadership and compassion. Thank you very much and I just want to congratulate everybody in this room. I would like to ask some of our folks who are so involved to come up and survivors who will sign and say hello to everybody and it is an honor to be with you today, thank you very much.