ID: CSPANDT188202051
Title: President Trump Remarks in Yuma, Arizona, on Immigration
Date: 2020-08-18

Host: deborah and canton georgia for President trump three she spoke about jonathan niese lake cristina marcos and John miller to go to the hill web site they have a story by things to know on the democratic platform. Just to give you some of the highlights point number when they make is not every Democrat is back in the platform. Were she to toledo of michigan publicly announced they would vote against their platform saying it doesn't go far enough in overhauling the u. s. Health care system with a goal of achieving universal coverage. They also say the platform papers over some differences adding Democrats tried to strike a balance for convention to feature both a former republican governor John kasich and alexandria ocasio cortez. I'd like to turn it over to the first-generation United States citizen. His parents immigrated to the United States illegally. He does a great job. [applause] thank you guys. I receive it. I'm really happy to be here but i'm going to add a little twist today because I think it needs to be added so my speech is going to be a little different for some of the huge shout out to all those latinos because you are out there making yourselves heard. [cheers and applause] [speaking spanish] [speaking spanish] [speaking spanish] [speaking spanish] [cheers and applause] [speaking spanish] [speaking spanish] [speaking spanish] [chanting] four more years. Four more years. [speaking spanish] [speaking spanish] I chose to come up here and speak in spanish because i'm sick and tired of people throwing around the race card. [cheers and applause] [applause] i'm sick and tired of latinos not hearing the truth. [cheers and applause] do we want a President that his first priorities are his country? The answer should always be yes. [cheers and applause] it's not a bout race. Dance or is always going to be duly one of resident that wants to secure our nation's borders for the safety of our children's future or do we want a President that wants to allow destruction of our lives by illegal immigrants? Again I will repeat it is not about race. Stop using the race card and start using the trump card. [cheers and applause] God bless america, God bless President trump, God bless every single one of you guys here today and God bless the men and women who are out there putting their lives on the line everyday. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] c he stole my thunder earlier but I was going to translate that for you broke with it what he said was four more years. [cheers and applause] it's trump, trump, trump. That's all you needed to know. There has been a place that i'd rather be than looking forward. I can't wait to be at the victory celebration because I promise you President trump is going to defeat joe biden. [applause] he is going to defeat the Democrat establishment for the second time. This is going to be the most important election of my lifetime. We all know that there are a great many differences between President trump and joe biden could I take , like to take a few minutes to highlight just a few and i'm going to speak from experience. In joe biden's America control of u. s. Immigration law will be ceded to multinational criminal cartel. In joe biden's America women and children will put themselves in the hands of dangerous smuggling organizations who abuse and at times murder. In joe biden's America organized crime will be allowed to operate with impunity while an innocent law-abiding citizens suffer. In joe biden's America u. s. Borders will be nothing but a mask. Chaos will reign on our borders. Intel joe biden left office as Vice President the obama administration instituted a policy in which border patrol agents were not allowed to take individuals that were here in the United States illegally into custody and less they were here for a year and they didn't require any proof. All they had to do was tell order patrol agents that they were here for one year. President trump , i'm sorry. Lawlessness on the border criminal cartels weren't ridged. All you need to do is look at portland oregon, seattle washington, chicago illinois and new york city to see the lawlessness that will happen if joe biden's policies are allowed to be implemented. President trump on the other hand is the polar opposite has done everything in his power and continues to do everything in his power to make this country safe because he loves this country and he loves the citizens of this country. [applause] President trump not once but twice cut illegal immigration to the lowest level in the history of the United States. [cheers and applause] he targeted the cartel at their source and went after the drugs that directly come into the United States and kill our youth and adults alike. He has done what is necessary to make us safe. In the early part of 2016 and on behalf of the national border patrol counsel I endorse President trump a potential alone. Today I am here endorsing President trump on behalf of the men and women of the national council, the true border security experts. [cheers and applause] we are not talking about potential anymore. We are talking about actual accomplishments. I can't list all the accomplishments that President trump has had but I will list two things that are most important to these men and women right here. He has done more than any other President to secure our borders. He has also built the strongest economy in my lifetime, and economy, an economy that serves us all and more importantly it serves our children. I have come to note President trump personally and from experience I know how much he cares about all of you. I know he does what he does for the love of country. In 47 years as a groomed politician joe biden has nothing but rhetoric. In three and a half short years President trump has accomplished them. [applause] I am confident in my fellow citizens on november 3 when we are all sitting in that al at talks with all of the noise is behind us, when we think about those accomplishments I am confident that we will elect the only person who has the courage to put America first. That is the President of the united states, President donald j. Trump. [applause] i'd like to know of him to the stage the President of the United States President donald j. Trump. [cheers and applause] (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) [applause] (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) [applause] (music)(music) (music)(music) [chanting] usa, usa, usa. Thank you very much in considering we saw President obama and slippage of campaign spying on our campaign we will probably be entitled to another four more years. [cheers and applause] I want to thank you and i've known you a long time the beginning. We have the chemistry. We have that good chemistry. You know it's 122 degrees in this place. And we have our great governor. Governor this is like a test. Do you think joe biden could do this? I don't know. So i'm thrilled to be in yuma to proudly accept the endorsement of the national border patrol counsel. That's a big deal and they are great friends of mine and we are delving , next week we will be up to 300 miles of incredible wall. [cheers and applause] and our numbers are the best. We are very tough on the border where people want to come in. We are not going to hurt our farmers but we are a little bit over 280 miles right now. We have never been help like this wall. There are two things, and 1000 years you can come back. The technology is obsolete before you can put in the box but two things never get old. Wheels and walls. If you come back in 1000 years he will say we still have wheels and walls and that's the only thing you will record nice. The national border patrol is the official union representing the incredible heroes of the United States border patrol. They have been my friends from the beginning. Every border agent and I just met some unbelievable people backstage. These are great people and every family member here today, you have earned the everlasting gratitude of our nation and I want to thank you very much. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] as you know better than anyone the survival of our nation is at stake in this election and I will tell you, I never thought i'd say it the kids we had a great election, we have a great election of little while ago. Four years ago I never thought I would say anything could compete with 2016. This election that we are going into is the most important election in the history of our country. [applause] because we had crooked hillary but this is something, these people are sick and we have to make sure that this radical left socialist , because this is beyond socialism. This is beyond socialism. That it doesn't happen or we will indeed have been a soila on steroids. The most important election, november 3, get out and vote. Joe biden is the puppet of the radical left-wing movement that seeks to complete elimination of america's borders. They want to take the walls down. They don't want to have borders that they want to have sanctuary cities, lots of bad things they want following orders from his boss but I guess his new bosses bernie sanders. Can you believe it? Crazy bernie. Joe biden has pledged obama's immigration enforcement to provide free government health care and you know they want to give it to illegal aliens. You don't get it. You don't get it. She'll violent criminal aliens. This is what they want to do and give every illegal alien on the planet earth or free ticket to invent an asylum game automatic admission into our country. We will have people coming into our country that never event out of it before greedy get free education, you get free health care why wouldn't they come? Let's go to America. Biden plan would unleash a flood of illegal immigration like the world has never seen. It's crazy. Biden's plan is to put radical extremely dangerous and wreck was immigration plans ever put forward by major party candidate must be defeated and it will be defeated on november 3. [cheers and applause] at last nights democratic convention which by the way got very bad ratings. Unity, talk about unity they want to bring unity and then you listen to michelle obama's speech which was obsolete by the time it got there. No, it was obsolete. She must have done it three weeks before. I'm speaking next thursday. Maybe I will tape it but I don't think I could. It's so much nicer to tape it and do it in a nice air-conditioned room. She not only taped it that tell me when you hear devices page you know they talk about me as being a divider. I bring people together. [cheers and applause] we are bringing people together like never before. Success is bringing everyone together and then we got hit with the China virus but we were bringing people together. One of the opening speakers last night said that America will go to if we don't have open borders. Think of that, go to. When a country does not orders you don't have a country. You don't have a country. [applause] today the Democrats speakers at the convention said we are talking about abolishing the police. We are talking about abolishing i. c. e. And talking about abolishing prisons. Biden's campaign is turned into an open border. By the way they want to double and triple your taxes. They want to increase regulations. They want to spend very little money on her that's end we take better care for vets than anyone. [applause] and they want to spend much less on our military. We have totally. Dealt our military could bernie sanders declared at his speech many of the ideas that just a few years ago were considered radical burnout , bernie sanders. Because joe, he doesn't know where it is. If he did he's been brought so far left that our country will not aid the country that we know when it will have problems. It will go down. Your 401(k)s will disappear and right now who has a 401(k)? [applause] and the rest of you, you do with a different way it will go down 60, 70, 80% and if you held onto it like I said to do we went down for a while when we got hit with a virus and now nasdaq just broken all-time record. S&p just row can all-time record. [applause] socialism is the mainstream of the biden campaign and it's not the mainstream of America partner members said we will never have a socialist country. We will never have a socialist country. On november 3 the people of arizona our great state and we love arizona, I want it last time by a lot. And I hear we are going to win it by even more this time. Don't forget last time I talked I said we would give you tax cuts and I give unto you and I said we'd give you massive regulation cuts we will give you great everything. And medicine you know all about that. We did things that I didn't even talk about and we did. We did a thing called the space force. You never heard me talking about that pit am the only candidate they gave you more than I promised in the campaign. [applause] bid we will head to the polls and together we will stop the left and former years in the white house. We are joined by some incredible people, friends of mine, great people and I want to congratulate your governor. Doug do see a great governor, great man and somebody that one by 16 or 17 points. I think you are more popular today. What a job he have done. Thank you very much governor. [applause] a friend of mine and someone who is a great fighter pilot and a lot of people tell me he could really wield the warthog, the warthog. He would take great fighter pilots one of the best they would tell me great a lot of friends that you have and specifically she said could you extend that plain? It never breaks down or it is just a winner but martha mcsally is an extraordinary person and she's fighting for us. [applause] we have to bring her in. [applause] and she's running against a gentleman when you read what is done when you read what he said about the 2nd amendment and all that the things you are going to want to vote for him. You aren't going to want to have him play with their 2nd amendment productively what if I were resident I don't believe we would have a 2nd amendment right now. The pressure that was put on to get rid of it or to basically obliterated and make it so it's meaningless. He lives have the right to bear arms. [cheers and applause] a few friends of mine who are warriors, where is Paul? [applause] a great job you are doing. He is a warrior. When they went and tried to make a play at the President what were we 197-0. That's never happened before but everybody came together. The republican scheme other than, 1/2 of vote, one have a brain. Another friend of mine incredible fighter and somebody that loves this state and I will tell you the freedom caucus. We have a man named andy biggs here. He's a fighter. [applause] and he loves our vets and he loves armor look terry and you love our 2nd amendment and we are not going to do anything with it. They will destroy that 2nd amendment producer member 2nd amendment producer members said it but you won't have to worry about it because it's not going to happen woman who really distinguished herself and became a start. She became a star of her night or there was nobody tougher and nobody smarter and nobody better than debbie lesko. [applause] a great job, debbie thank you. [applause] we want her on our side. We have to have her on our site could also thanks to arizona republican party chairman, and I knew this was going to happen. She never stops. She never gives up, kelly ward. Kelly, thank you. [cheers and applause] thank you kelly, great job you are doing. Are we winning? I think we are. That's what they say. We had better win. If we don't win this country is in big trouble. Also a great friend of all americans former state treasurer from arizona jeffrey nguyen. Thank you, jeff. And that man who didn't choke under pressure. I don't even know feast here. I think you might be here. He never jokes. Do you know who that is? A golfer missed a three footer. Kickers are the same. Nfl kickers did this guy lasted 11 years and he's one of the best kickers ever jay thea lee. Where is jay? [applause] what happened, you couldn't get a good seat here. [applause] I remember the 61 yarder. I was a heartbreaker. The only thing is obeyed this man's woods and for our national anthem. [cheers and applause] and if they don't stand for our flag they don't stand for national anthem I turn off the game. Other than that I like it a lot. And by the way I thought they learned that lesson a little while ago protect that they learned that lesson two years ago. Maybe not that they will learned again. The time will go even faster. Washington politicians like eide allow an endless supply of illegal foreign , to decimate American jobs and wages and also the crime is incredible what happened to the allowed criminal gangs to him terrorize innocent citizens. They came in and they would maim and terrorize but we have done something with our border patrol and by the way i. c. e. Is great. I. c. e. Has picked up thousands and thousands of ms-13's. These are tough people here. None of you want the job. So tough job but they like it and they are great patriots. They have ceded control of the border to the most dangerous and ruthless cartel on earth did this is what would happen if they had seated and what , have you ever noticed the caravan's? What happened? There are no more caravans. What happened? What happened to the caravan's? That caravans don't come up. We were paying hundreds of millions of dollars to honduras, guatemala el salvador, hundreds of millions and I said why are we doing that and when we caught a murder we wanted to bring it back to one of those countries. They wouldn't take them and they wouldn't take them under the obama administration could so we got stuck with them because they'd say don't land your plane and I said something very simple I said that's okay we aren't going to pay you any more. [cheers and applause] it's amazing how that works, right? We stop payment and they call and say we would love to. So we take them back either thousands, by the thousands. They let lethal poisonous drugs flow freely into our schools and communities but it's not happening anymore. The cruel and heartless betrayal of the people ended the day at the yield of office and now that we have more than half of the , and you notice they don't talk about the wall anymore. Look at all those people back there. [cheers and applause] it's fake news. Fake news. They don't talk about the wall anymore. We won. We got the wall. It's going to officially be 100 next year. [applause] as soon as we won all of a sudden they never talk about it. Do you know why I talk about it? The numbers are so good. We have never had numbers like this. The big portion of the wall already built, you can't get through. You can climb mt. Everest but you will have an awful hard time getting over that. It up to the lobbyists and the Democrats on the everyone and that brought the special interests. I kept every single promise that I made and now i'm doing it with the drug companies. The nation buys it for less than they buy it for a fraction of what we. The drug companies have to sell it to us for the same price. [cheers and applause]. . Anytime you see an ad by big pharma, unity drug prices are coming down. Cheering and applause. And were giving the rebate to crematecreates tremendous will to the milliman. We are bringing the rebate. They are not happy. A lot of people in that industry not like me too much. You are going to get in the democrats, would never do it, biden would never do it. He doesn't understand is. Not in a million years, they would not do it. Took a lot of guts to do it. I have a lot of good politicians, scinto think you should do it. Wonder why they didn't say that. But the drug prices over a very short period of time, might not 2 percent but lasted they went down a little bit, for some and 51 years, they went down a little bit. Going to have prices dry dropping even 50 and 60 and 70 percent. Cheering and applause. I am proud to say that they've achieved the most secure border patrol in the history of United States of America. We now have had the most secure border we have ever had. Cheering and applause. And we want people to come and but we want them to come in through merit. Everyone people that are going to come in and going to love our country, not in our country rated here in yuma, arizona we have invested over $1. 7 billion and board 180,000 cubic yards. There is a lot of concrete, to build 108 miles and powerful border wall. Cheering and applause. I think I will win yuma. What you think. [applause]. None hear those numbers, we're going to win yuma big. It's an incredible structure. All wired up for cameras, everything that you could have, technology. It is incredible. I've already completely planned for the final execution that we are going to have by the end of the year. Everything that we said is going to be built. We may actually build some more and some soft areas that we have noticed over the last two years, that we actually have me additional grated but we will have it completed, everything we said, by the end of the year. And nobody will give it was possible. Cheering and applause. And we've reduced the legal crossings by 60 percent from last time this year. We keep going at the right, he will be about 85 percent in about two months. Is a great honor. And you what, your community isn't much saber. You see the difference. Is a much safer place to be. But more important than these numbers is the fact that we have ended catch and release. You don't catch releases. Cheering and applause. These great men and women can somebody may be a murderer, maybe a rapist, to be a. They catch somebody, take his name in and sever the release them into our country. And they say come back. No more. We take them out and we bring them out. And nobody said that was possible because I could not have gotten through the Democrats because they don't like that. So we have people coming in to this country, some great people. And some really bad people to. Enemy murderers and rapists. Really bad people. They don't get in and they don't get back. None bring them back to the country, could be mexico also, they don't come back. Under the obama, biden, I call it oh biden. Under the oh biden administration our agents are ordered to ignore the law. In the and release illegal areas by the hundreds of thousands. Was the great Mark morgan pretty he's around here someplace pretty's been so incredible. One of our executives. He said we didn't build the cages. They were built by obama. We never built the cages. They were built by obama and the fake news is constantly saying that I don't cages for children. I did not build them. They were built in 2014. There was an invited to time magazine about cages to be called in and said, he said he didn't build them. We built that in the obama administration. But it also, keep calling and say that I go cages. You'll hear did one of the debates pretty sales that you build cages. And I said no that was built by obama. Under the trump administration, and across our border illegally, your quickly apprehended as quickly returned back home. [applause]. We are probably defending the jobs in the safety and security of the market people which is what I promised to do. Nobody told me it was going to be this hard. Nobody told me I was going to have the Democrats go totally crazy. This was like a life-and-death work. You know why they don't talk about it anymore. Because they know it is that politics. Because they know having a ball, they cannot when that one so they just say, let's forget it ever happened. Because we one. They say let's forget it. They don't want to talk about it. Millions of incredible hispanic americans follow our laws. [applause]. And protect our nation. The border patrol agents are hispanic and markets. I was just with them. And today, I salute each and every one of those true American heroes. And that is what they are. Cheering and applause. And you know nobody understands the border better than had the hispanics. In what is good and what is bad. He didn't want that people coming into our country. And taking their jobs overtaking their homes pretty causing crime. Hispanic americans are the people that are most in favor of what we are doing on the border. Because they understand it. Better than ever. Cheering and applause. And with the help of these patriots, we have stopped the rapid, shut down human smugglers and refining the drug dealers, traffickers and predators and throwing them in jail or sending them back home. Cheering and applause. And for the first time, that you've ever seen this, ms 13 is totally on the run. Many of its leaders are right now behind bars. They are supporting as members and record numbers, we have never reported. I can't believe it. Cheering and applause. But inviting wins, it will be a jailbreak for ms 13. And vicious criminal gains, China wasn't to win some so bad. Iran wasn't to win so bad. None went, often deal with the rent within a month. Watch. For the last hope that biden will win, China will own our country. We made such a great deal. Last week they had the largest order corn in the history of our country. The largest single order than they did it again. And you not white. Because they know I am angry pretty because they know that I don't care so much anymore. Made a great trade deal. But I don't care. [applause]. But it shows you how smart they are. Another normal, power that day, well i'm not going to buy anymore or in printable that's good, and will just decouple pretty thank you very much. But the opposite. They buy so much, record numbers quickly record numbers of the biggest last week. The biggest ever. 42 percent of our farmers crop. Is now china, over the last little while. If you know why, because they don't want bad things to happen. That is why so there very smart. What I have for every farmer and the country's calling and saying please don't do anything. They're very smart. But we can never afford yet China did to the country and due to the world. They've, only a slim fraction of the extraordinary accomplishments that we've all done together the last four years. Just a short lived under landmark, really their landmarks. We instituted a national security travel band on the world's most dangerous regions. Including jihadists regions. Keeping terrorists and extremists out of our country. Everyone said that's a bad. I don't think it is about it all. We won the travel band. The fake news said we didn't because we lost the lower courts predict with us in the second court and we won in the supreme court braided so they said we lost our. Cheering and applause. And his and we lost. Because we lost the first but we find in the supreme court. Technically their right, we lost one that didn't matter. We have a great travel and now. And countries that but we don't want people coming in front of the last three years, they've made number 380,000 arrests. Of aliens, criminal records including those charged or convicted of over 145,000 assaults. 40000 crimes and 5800 murders. Cheering and applause. Over the last three years, border patrol and I have seized over 2 million outfits and all, heroin and myth and other deadly narcotics. You see all of the time. [applause]. We stripped federal grant funding from deadly sanctuary cities. It would have a sanctuary city. Not going to be like the old days. We cancel the littlest policies of the previous administration and empowered border agents nice officers do their jobs and probably enforce the laws of the United States of America. And we have removed 20000 gang members including 4500 ms 13's. Cheering and applause. Would never think it was that many. I entered into three landmark agreements with honduras and el salvador and guatemala to the abuse of the system. We contend that payment because I was talking about substantial wai way as they are still very happy and they are working with us very well. That includes mexico. I know mexico has 27000 of their soldiers on our seven there order helping us to guard our southern border. Cheering and applause. And we are giving you the tools to do the job. They signed up for, that's what we have done. I entered into a partnership with mexico. Known as the margaret protection border patrol to safely return this item seekers to mexico while awaiting hearings in the United States. You know about that. When it had them in the United States. I said no, we don't want them here, we love them outside. We won braided's another don't come into the United States. Cheering and applause. For the first time ever, the United States is now exercising our full legal authority to expedite removal we don't have to go through years and years of litigation. We ended the obama policy giving more permits to the newly arriving illegal and in spite of established a national center, the most advanced be suspending systems anywhere in the world. We know so much about the people coming in, we know the good and we know the band. We suspended refugee, settlements from the world's most dangerous regions. Because nothing is more important than keeping America safe. Demand is number one. Cheering and applause. We've made historic progress to crackdown on visa over states. You know all about that. They overstate for years. In the state won't maybe a night or two nights printable five years later, you've got, nope we ended it. We issued strict staying section on countries that failed to take back on criminals. We have many countries beyond beforethe fourth dimension, three plus one pretty date how all take them back now. Before they were not taking them back at all. The last administration simply release these criminals. And we are making sure that they go home and we're making sure that they stay home. Because we don't want that. We should regulations to stop the horrible practice of birth terrorism. You know what that is right. Anchor babies. Have a baby in our country and you stay for the rest of your life. Congratulations, uris a citizen for 90 years then you bring in your families. You bring in your families. Good. I implemented historic public charge, regulations and finally and fully enforce the federal requirements that newcomers try to country must be submitted to financially sufficient. They can not except offer for at least five years. [applause]. To protect your country, during the pandemic, my administration took immediate action to ensure the safe and rapid return of all illegal aliens pretty there very funeral country now. We brought them back can you believe it. To predict the u. s. Workers, I suspended the entry of low-wage workers and threaten all of your jobs of the market jobs. And we are finalizing the new h1 regulation department, the displacement of u. s. Workers. In january, after the china, after the outbreak, after the outbreak. The China virus outbreak, it came from wuhan. I swiftly implemented a travel ban on China. It was criticized, biden was the man. They said deposit. He had no idea what the heck he was doing. Why do you posted. I don't know, they told me to say that. If we had listened to joe biden, hundreds of thousands of additional American lives would've been lost. We did a good thing. That was in january. I closed a very early. Month later, Pelosi and all of these people oh no, the people come in. We posted because China was heavily infected. And that I posted in Europe also pretty heavily infected in italy and france and spain. An art achievements, with the insane and lethal policies that they want. By the way, you talk about guns. She wants no second amendment. She was raise your taxes to a level that you will be paying your government back for a long time. She's not the right back. But she was might number one. What you think I said I am very happy. They thought it was happy. Didn't know I was happy for me. [laughter]. The biden harris plan, is a step-by-step for abolishing america's borders. In the biden manifesto, joe biden promises to restore and disband the catch and release across the u. s. Border. Do you believe that. We just got rid of it. Free all of the illegal aliens and throw detention facilities. This would make removing illegal aliens totally impossible. And you would have murderers, killers, rapists, in your midst. I don't think so. Immediately suspend all removal triggering a tidal wave of a flood if you think about it. All across our border. And prosecution of illegal border crossing ensuring that illegal aliens will repeatedly reenter the country over and over again. And terminate protections we have enacted against asylum fraud. They want to do things the nobody thought was even possible to contemplate. This is all simple. And I really respect it because so far, only 45 people going down. Because it is hot. Money will tell you this. Is 120. You know what I said before pretty think of yourself in a great spot or sauna. Where it's a hundred 20 degrees we have to pay a lot of money to be there. Getting off the illegal protection and all of that. We are going to lower your taxes. We getting the tax break in history. Our country. With decreased your taxes more than anybody is ever done and we are doing more because that's going to spill growth. And what happened pretty companies are moving in like nobody is seen before. So we are doing that. Massive additional regulations. Cats. With current rate regulation more than any President in history of our country. In one case. [applause]. I told you already, our military is the best it's ever been pretty $2. 5 trillion worth of new beautiful jets and equipment and rockets. And everything braided hopefully we never have to use them. Cheering and applause. And her nuclear arms, hopefully we never have to even look at it. Nuclear arms bill is at a level that it is never ever been before and we have to have it there. But we never want to use it. So we have done things not only in the border. Border is one element. But to me is very important. Something they always say about the prison for. The most important thing a President can do, is the federal judges and supreme court justice. [applause]. Cheering and applause. So when the end of, my our, we will have appointed 300 federal judges and appeals courts. Cheering and applause. To the supreme court justice. And when it comes to second amendments and to life, and to a lot of things you people and four predict if you don't have the supreme court, and if you don't have the course in your side, you can forget it. In the next President I think will pick two or three or even four justices of the supreme court braided they can be on the court 440 - 50 years. If you pick them young. They can be on there for that long. This is going to be the most consequential presidency. This is going to be the most important and I never thought they would say because of what happened four years ago. This is going to be the most important election of your life. [applause]. Cheering and applause. Cheering and applause. Thank you. So I just want to say stay healthy, stay sharp ready to be careful. Be very careful and go out and work, we need every single boat that we can get because is probably going to be close. I always assume it's going to be closed. They have these at suppression. They attribute many more Democrats than they do republicans predict doug and I were talking about it. And they out of registered voters. They're not registered. Estate most likely to vote for any this most likely, registered from the dead come their old, not going to do anything. Be careful with your ballots. But to get out there pretty november 3rd is the biggest day, one of the biggest days in your life and in many cases frankly it is the most important day of your life. Whatever their thing, we have done a lot. We got rid of a lot of nonsense from obama, like that it cost us tens of billions of dollars give us something. We've gotten rid of so many different things. You have no idea. But do you know what, if we don't win they can put it back. And with the things that we did put in which are many things. Our military, everything. With all of the things that we put in, it is like a tree. It takes a little while to grab on. It's got a good one. If we have former years, there's nothing that they can do predict our country is failing. Cheering and applause. Soap thank you very much. Arizona thank you very much. Thank you for all your support. We love you. We will never ever let you down. We will never let you down. Governors thank you. Go out and when rated boat mcsally. [applause]. Cheering and applause. (music) (music)(music) (music) (music)(music) (music) (music)(music) (music) (music) (music)(music) (music) (music)(music) ymca (music) (music) (music)(music) garlic coverage of the democratic national convention continues. Like tonight was rep. Alexandria ocasio-cortez pretty former President bill clinton, in the life of presidential nominee doctor joe biden pretty life coverage of the democratic national convention any 45:00 p. m. Eastern on c-span, live streaming and on demand at cspan. org/deviancy. Or listen on the free, radio app. Cspan, your unfiltered view of politics read.