ID: CSPANDT179202063
Title: President Trump Rally in Mosinee, Wisconsin
Date: 2020-09-17

Thank you. Thank you very much. [chanting u. s. a. ] [cheers] thank you very much. That is a beautiful sight right behind me, right? It is a beautiful sight. Thank you and a very big hello, wisconsin. [applause] we have been very good together and i'm thrilled to be with thousands of hard-working American patriots. 47 days from now we are going to win wisconsin and four more years in the white house. [applause] this is the most important election in the history of our country. I feel that way so strongly. So do you. Joe devoted his entire career to off shoring wisconsin jobs, outsourcing your factories, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless foreign wars and surrendering your children's future to China. Do you know what he is been doing? She is up there tonight getting softball questions -- he is up there tonight getting softball questions from anderson cooper. They have cars. It is the weirdest thing i've ever seen. Cnn is going this is so beautiful. They have cars in a parking lot. What a deal. Biden has supported every disastrous global sellout for half a century, including nafta, China. Look at china's entry into the world trade organization, the tpp. Biden surrendered your jobs to china, and you know that. I probably would not be here if it were not for that. It was one of the big reasons I decided to say to my great wife, our first lady, let's go have some fun. [applause] and she has done a great job. Very popular. The family is all over the place, all over the country. Unlike joe who lets you down when he never came back to milwaukee to apologize or pay respects, I came to wisconsin and I have been here a lot since we started. [applause] I do you have been a tremendous beneficiary of what I have done, and I have to. You have been with me and you supported me and we have had great victories together. None thank you. [applause] but now biden wants to surrender our country to the violent left-wing mob. You see what is happening. If a biden wins, very simple, China wins. If biden wins, the model wins. If biden wins, the riders, the anarchists --rioters, the anarchists, the arsonist. -- they would have done that. It is coming back to the weight we have to have it. We are for law & order. They state do not use that term. Everybody wants law & order. Minorities want law & order. They have to have it. I am running for the reelection at a very important reelection to bring jobs and factories back , and that is a continuation. I do not know if you know it. The single greatest year wisconsin has ever had was at last year. The second best year that wisconsin has ever had was the year before. And guess what the third was? The one before that. And you will have your best year economically next year. It is all heading in that direction, despite the pandemic. Given to us by China. [applause] but we want to put violent criminals behind bars at we have to ensure the future belongs to america, not to china, not to other very terrible forces out there. If we win, very simply, America wins and that is what we want. We want this great country to win. [applause] over the last three point five years we have secured america's borders, fixed the disastrous trade deals. They have been the worst ever. When I look at these, I studied them, and I used to talk about them. I said who are the people that made these deals? Grossly incompetent people. It brought back our manufacturing jobs, rebuilt the awesome power of the u. s. Military and obliterated the Isis caliphate. We obliterated it. [applause] obama was not able to do it. He was not able to come close. It was just announced in 2019 before the virus came in from china, we group median incomes by a record of $4400 in just one year, achieving the highest median income in the history of our nation. [applause] for the first three years we lifted 6. 6 million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction of any President in the history of our country. At that is not bad. [applause] and I did not even make these numbers up. They sound good to me. We built the greatest economy and the history of the world and the greatest economy in the history of the world and then the virus came in. We closed it down. We saved millions and millions of lives. 2. 5 million, 2 million, 3 million, a number that would not be sustainable, acceptable. There should not have been one person that died. They stopped it for their country. But it came out to us, europe, the rest of the world, 188 countries. We will deliver a safe and effective vaccine before the end of the year ended good to be very, very soon. It could be very, very soon. It could be -- it is amazing how all of the sudden they hate the vaccine. They thought a good not be done. You gotta get a vaccine. It is looking like it is going to be very close. We are doing with -- great with vaccines and therapeutics and all sorts of other things that are bringing the rates down like numbers nobody can believe. We have three vaccines right now in the final stage. We worked it for the fda where they approved it fast. They were very fast, very quick at levels nobody ever achieved. No other administration, certainly not the last one. That is why I am here. If it was good, I would not have run. I would not have run. I was very happy in my other life. [applause] I was very happy, but I am very happy in this life. More happy because nobody has produced in the first 3. 5 years, nobody has done what we have been able to do. [applause] we will defeat the virus and next year truly from an economic standpoint and other standpoints the best year of all. Hard to believe we are going so fast. Numbers have been incredible. We have had unemployment numbers the best ever. They come out every day, and our stock market is for the most part at a new high. If you want to have your 401(k) go down like to depression levels, I think you should vote for sleepy joe, because he will be raising your interest rate. He is denying all of this stuff. He said no fracking. There will be no fracking. He did not know what fracking was, but he said no fracking. All of the radical left candidates, so joe agreed. He gets the nomination. Now they are all angry. Crazy bernie, all of the left and Democrats do not want to vote for him anymore because he made promises and he forgot that he said no fracking. He said we can do some fracking. Remember this in politics. It is always the same -- at thing they say first that they are going to do. No guns, no religion, no energy, no oil. He put Nato in charge of his gun policy. Remember when Nato went out. He said I was born for this. Anybody said they were born for this and it not play well. He is in charge of the second amendment, and you will not have a second. Frankly you would not have a second amendment if I had not gotten elected. Maybe it would have been totally knocked down. There is tremendous pressure on your second amendment. As long as I am here, you will always have a second amendment. [applause] but I want to just say, they do disinformation. They make up a phony story and then they go with it. They make up a totally phony story. It is called disinformation. One of the things they didn't worst of all was the soldiers, because nobody loves our soldiers like I do, and they made up a phony deal. What they do that, that is worse than what I am going to talk about. Big 10, you know we got it back. The soldier story about standing over the graves. The good news about that is the gloves are off. I can now call kim grossly incompetent. He has been there for 47 years. In years where he was never considered smart, but now he has really not considered smart. [laughter] I know all of the sudden is going to do and what he did in 47 years. Everything I am doing. None congratulate the big ten conference on yesterday's announcement that the fall season will start very soon. I hope your team does well after all of that. I hope that team does well. I especially want to thank a football legend. He was great. Wisconsin's own very alvarez. [applause] he is a good man. We worked with a whole group, including the commissioner of the league did a very good job. But we called them, and the reason is we took a -- and add it. I am the one that said they should not close. I said that -- if they are closed, they are closed. Then they took a an ad and said I would it closed. We called up the commissioner and he was great. Bottom line, we worked very hard. Lots of calls to lots of different states. We dealt with the players, the parents of the players. These are players that have a shot at the nfl, pro football. We want the nfl to proudly stand when they sing our national anthem, right? [applause] or their ratings are going to continue to go down like they did last weekend, down 27%. We have enough politics. We have politics all over. Sometimes I have two turn it off. I cannot do it anymore. I cannot watch me. I can't watch. We have enough politics. We do not want to watch on sunday. Here we go again with the politics. Let them play football, salute, put your hands on your heart and be proud of our great American flag and then go home to the mansion and have a good time and take a knife -- nice anna and if you want go out and do your thing, whatever you may be. People do not want to see it. I thought we taught them that lesson two years ago. I thought we taught that lesson. Biden would absolutely eradicate your states economy -- state's economy. One of the reasons I made a great deal with canada and mexico, but can it up because they were taking advantage of you so badly on your dairy products. You had a 287% tariff on your dairy products. Canada is one of the toughest negotiators and they treated your state and this country very unfairly until I came along, very unfairly. 287, but I saw some farmers and this wasn't like the straw that broke the camels back. They had something called specialty milk. Does anybody know what that is? It is a small grouping of milk. This was the final straw. Canada finally did it to them like they did it to everybody else and they raised the tariffs massively. They made it impossible. They tried to take care -- take over that business along with other products and it was just massive and horrible that they did and that got me going. The little specialty milk, specialty products. A small portion but that was it. We have a great deal. The usmca is a great deal and I am very honored to have done it. It was all because of specialty milk and the weight you were taken advantage of by canada. They have the wonderful oh canada. We love to hear the song. None tell you they are very tough and they have taken advantage of our country for many years. They are not so happy now but at least they got a deal, but you are happy and it is about time you are happy. You will not have companies leading for mexico anymore or canada. [applause] and you will not have that make your product and mexico or canada, send it over here with no tariffs or tax. None lose tax, we lose jobs, our companies, we lose everything and they make a lot of money selling the product to us. We are not doing that stuff anymore. There is a tremendous disincentive. You have not seen that lately. You have not seen too many companies leaving. It is an amazing thing. A little like what we did with the statues. On the statues, they were knocking them down three or four months ago. Do we have any laws? No but there was an old law. 10 years in jail. 10 years in prison if you knocked out a statue or monument. I said, let me see that love. None see that law. None see that law. Look at the guy. He is climbing trees tomorrow. A great show. Oh, rachel. She is a good climber. Do you think he could climb up a tree faster than me? What we have done in a very short. Of time is what nobody thought, and we came in and we did it and we did it for you. We did it for everybody. We would not have a country left. What was happening to our country, where we were taken advantage, but now we have to get four more years to cemented and to do occasional things, including tax cuts. They will raise your taxes. [applause] they will raise your taxes vary substantially. We are cutting their taxes. We got you the biggest tax cut in history and we are going down lower and small growth. [chanting] thank you all. Thank you very much. Big tax cuts, big regulation cuts. The Democrats -- Democrats they want to just really break us down in terms of our competitive ability to compete with other nations. Do you notice what is happening with japan? We have taken billions of billions of dollars in from China. We charge them a fortune. Many farmers in this group -- you got to love trump. I gave you $28 billion. You were targeted. Sonny perdue, secretary of agriculture. I said, sunny, and how much have they been targeted for. Remember when China said we are not going to do anything. We are not buying. They said, sir, $12 billion the year before last and last year was a total of $28 billion. China never paid us $. 10. Not $. 10 with obama and biden and in all fairness with no President. They pay us nothing. They pay us now tens of billions of dollars. I took a small portion of it. I added up and I said $28 billion is going to the farmers. Did everybody get that money? The farmers have had a very good year. Last week China ordered -- and you have to understand, I view China differently than I did six months ago. We made a great trade deal but I view it differently because I don't know if I can ever view it the same. Last week they knew how I feel and they are very smart. Instead of saying we are not going to do business, which would have been ok with me, we would have worked it out somehow and you would have been very successful, the farmers. But last week they have the largest order of corn -- did you know this? -- in the history of our country. In China. Thank you very much. Low largest order of soybeans in the history of our country. And one of the largest cattle orders in the history of our country. Because they are very smart. Somebody else would have said let's not do business, and then it would have been easy for me. But they gave us so much, I have every farmer calling me up saying do me a favor, this is a great deal. It is a great deal but we feel differently about it. I do not talk about it like I used to. I talked about it like it was great and it turned out to be a great deal but I don't talk about it the same way. In no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two philosophies, or two agendas for the future than these two parties. You have law & order and one side and chaos on the other side. On november 3 wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, or whether we will allow biden and the Democrats to impose a $4 trillion tax hike, ban American energy, confiscate your guns, which is what they want to do, shut down the economy, destroy the suburbs -- you know they were destroyed in the suburbs, right? Somebody said you are just doing ok in the suburbs. I said how can I be doing ok? I saved the suburbs. What I have done is I saved the suburbs. I saved to the suburbs. Four years ago, oh, he is not going to do well with women. I did great with women. [applause] this will be a very short -- not doing well with women. They said at the end of the night after they announced I won, they said what happened, well he did very well with women. I don't know it happen. He did very well with the african-american community. He did very well with hispanics. They said he did very well with everything. We kicked their ass. [cheers and applause] was that one of the greatest evenings ever? Remember? And remember all the fake news? Ooh, that's a lot. Whoa. That is a lot of people back there. Don't worry, I won't say anything bad about you, cnn. Because as soon as I am getting ready to say something about fake news, etc. , the lights start going off. Whoop, one just one off. You can tell by the lights. They have that beautiful red light. I not say anything bad about it. You remember when they were saying, the polls are terrible? Actually these polls are very good. That was so bad it was like, why did anybody vote? They call them suppression vote. The victim so bad that you lose all your appetite in your spirit, they take your guts out and you do not go and vote. And your wife looks at you and says garland -- darling, I love that guy but he is down in the polls. Down 50 points, darling. He cannot possibly win. Let's go have dinner and then we will come home and watch his concession speech. But my people did not buy that, because my people went out to vote. [cheers and applause] instead, we watched her concession speech. Crooked hillary, that was a real piece of work. Remember when she would say, will you accept the decision of the voters? Will you accept that decision? You know, I was not perfect, I said I will see how it works out. I should have said yes I will, but I could not do that, because I know how crooked she is, right? Will you accept the decision. The anchor said to me like, will you accept -- you know, they are coming up to me. You're supposed to go after her too. Did you ever see debates where you had all the anchors plus the candidates against me? And here we sit. Is that air force one? Yes, that is air force one. How did that happen? [cheers and applause] a lot of times I would say to the anchors, wait a minute, this is not fair. I am watching what they are doing with hyden where he is using teleprompters. Move it up, I cannot see. He is shot. He is shot. President xi of China is not shot. Putin is not shot. Kim jong-un -- remember, we are supposed to be in a war with him. What happened to the war? Did you see the Middle East two days ago? [applause] remember our incompetent negotiator, John kerry? The guy is getting beaten -- walk, walk, get up and leave the table. They say we want this, he would say I would rather not. We want this, ok, you got it. Say no and walk. They will probably possibly call you back and if they don't, that is ok too. Right now I will tell you iran, if we win, Iran will be calling us within the first week. They are dying to make a deal. Gdp down 27%. They don't have too much money for terror anymore. It is actually amazing. You notice what is going on? None I do not want to speak too loud, but I did put out on social media the other day that if they hit us in any way, any form, written instructions already done. We are going to hit them 1000 times harder than we've ever hit them before. [cheers and applause] hopefully they will just come and we will make a deal and they will go back to being a rich country. Let them go back and be rich. But they cannot have a nuclear weapon. They cannot. That deal was so bad obama made. They got $150 billion for nothing. You know the deal is practically, if I did not terminate it, which I am proud to have done, but if I did not terminate it and they got $1. 8 billion in cash, how about that? If I did not terminate that stupid deal, first of all you wouldn't have to deal in the Middle East that all these companies -- countries are joining. They want to all join. You know the reverse, we did it -- thank you very much. Thank you very much. [chanting] thank you very much. I knew I like you. You know, so, the nobel peace prize. The funny thing, a lot of people do not know it because the fake news writes about it. If you are a president, and you are nominated for the nobel peace prize, but think of this -- [applause] that is a big deal. Obama got it in his first couple of weeks, and nobody knew why he got it including him. He could not tell you why. He had no idea. To this day he has no idea why he got it. But if you are President and you get nominated, two days later you get nominated, this is the second time for a different deal. Kosovo. Serbia. They have been killing each other for hundreds of years. I stopped a lot of death, and I did it easy. It was not hard for me. It is a natural thing to do. We did a good thing. But they did a check. So I got nominated twice for the nobel peace prize. That is a big deal. I don't know. [applause] I should have gotten nominated seven times because we did a lot of other things. These are for two different deals. Not one mention was made on the evening news. When obama got it was headlines, headlines. Our President got the nobel peace prize, he was just nominated. His first little while he got it and to this day, and frankly, he did a lousy job. He was a lousy President. He really was. And his vice president, I tell you what, his Vice President was very good for you know who, for hunter. Where is hunter? Remember the quid pro quo? Remember? I am not giving back that billion dollars unless you get rid of that prosecutor and they got rid of the prosecutor. But they do not want to play that too often. It is a very unfair deal. As the expression goes, we won. I do not know how the hell we did it. When you look at how unfair it is and these guys know very well , you look at how unfair it is, it is pretty damn good. But we have tremendous support of the people. Look at this rally. These rallies. [cheers and applause] these rallies are incredible. I think there is more spirit this year than that was four years ago. And we had a record. There is more enthusiasm. I think it is the biggest enthusiasm gap ever polled. I am not a believer in the polls but I believe that one. Is the biggest enthusiasm gap. The only enthusiasm is for the people that want to beat me. That is the only thing he has got, the people that want to -- they could not care less about him. He could be that piece of wood that was left on the ground. Biden will hand the left-wing mob the keys to your kids classroom. None I took a historic stand against the hateful lies being fed to america's youth. Parents know all about it. And I checked, they are doing it in wisconsin. I was a little surprised. I am a little surprised. I'm a little surprised you let it happen, actually. But we are going to get rid of it. I announced we are launching a new pro-american lesson plan for students called 1776 commission. [cheers and applause] we are going to teach our children the truth about America , that we are the most exceptional nation ever to exist, and we are getting better everything the day. -- every single day. Sleepy joe biden wholly-owned and come -- and controlled by the far-left. Even opposed to sending the national guard into a place called kenosha. You know of a place called kenosha? How about that? Did we do a good job? I wish we did it a little sooner, but we finally got your governor's ok. We have to do that. We have to get the governor to say please do it. How they do not do it, in some other places when you look at what is going on in chicago, when you look at what is going on with portland, you know how long it would take us to fix up portland in terms of ending it all? I would say far less than one hour. I would say a half hour. Look at what we did in minneapolis. We are doing quite well in minnesota because they saw what happened. They should not have allowed it to go on for 11 days. They should have called us immediately. You remember that beautiful night? Nice evening. A little problem, there were a lot of buildings in the background burning down to the ground as reporters said no, this is a peaceful protest. Officially, this is called a protest. We no longer call it rallies. We do not use the term rally, ok? Rachel knows. We do not call them rallies anymore, because you are not allowed to have a political rally of more than 10 people. You are not allowed to go to church. You are not allowed to meet. You are not allowed to talk to anybody. You have to stay in a prison. Your home has become your prison. And then I am saying, well, what are you allowed to do? You are not allowed to do anything. There is one thing but it does not pertain to you. What is it? Well, you are allowed to protest. Oh reall? Hence the name. We call them friendly protests. These are protests, so it is totally allowed. This is a protest. Remember, when you walk outside, what do you consider this, did you enjoy the rally? No, this is a protest. No, they had a line, I don't know. You are allowed to protest. So you cannot go to church but you can rip the hell out of the streets, main street, fifth avenue, burn down the stores, climb over each other's face. You can climb right over their face. You don't have to wear a mask. 25,000 people walking down the street. Looters, anarchists, agitators, burning down stores, throwing things at police. They have taken authority away from our great police. They have taken their authority and their dignity away. We are giving it back. We have to. By the way, I was endorsed by new york's finest, and we are with them all the way. I was just endorsed two days ago by chicago police. I think that takes courage, right? Philadelphia. [cheers and applause] florida, texas, ohio. I don't know, is there one group, even if it was a tiny little group of two or three police, did anybody endorse sleepy joe? I do not think so. We did a great job in kenosha. I went there a little while ago. Had we not gone in, that place would have been burned to the ground. They did damage. I wanted to go in the first night. We would have stopped it immediately. It was a great outcome. As was in minnesota. Again, if they would have called us earlier, it would have been over. Portland, I would love to go there. That would be so easy. In seattle they heard we were coming, they gave up. I said that is enough, we are going in. I don't care. Do you have permission? No, we're going in. They took over a chunk of the city. And when they heard we were going and it is like, we give up. That was the end of the seattle problem. It is a terrible thing that is going on. All in democratic-run super liberal run cities. They are red cit -- the red cities are doing great. Republican cities, we're fair. We are not stupid. How stupid these people are. Did you see chicago? 48 people shot. Six died. We are in afghanistan, pulling the troops, we are almost finished. We are finally pulling these endless wars. We have to fight other things. But we are acting like a police force over there. We are almost out of iraq. That is another one. Down to about 2000. Troops. Did you know that? Syria we are out, but we kept the oil. Was ok that we at least kept the oil? I feel badly because we have some troops. We are gone, we pulled all the troops out of Syria. We were supposed to be guarding the border between Syria and turkey. I said, why are we doing that? They said, well, we are. We have an army of 100,000 here, an army of 30,000 here, we have 5000 soldiers. That is a dangerous position to be in. I don't like it. They had been guarding their own borders with different names for thousands of years. Why do we have to be over there guarding their border? We want to guard our own borders were we are doing very well. Where we are doing very well. [cheers and applause] we are doing great at our southern border. I hate to say this but that wall is going up very rapidly, 10 miles a week. We are up to 330 miles. And the wall will be finished very soon. You think that was easy? That was not easy. Our great Congress. That was not easy. The Democrats were totally in favor of a wall until I said when I came in, we will build the wall. As soon as I said it they were against the wall. They said we don't want you to build a wall. Walls don't work. I said no, walls always work. You know what else works? The wheel. The wheel and the wall. Come back in 1000 years from now. You're going to have a wheel and a wall. The computers they come up with a brand-new computer, it is genius. 12 days later it is obsolete. But walls are never obsolete. Neither our wheels. -- are wheels. So I made one mistake. They were great warriors for me, the Congress. They were incredible, actually. I tell it to them. I should have said instead of we will build the wall, then the Democrats held us up and fought us and sued us and everything else. Now we won so many lawsuits and we have the military money, I could build 10 walls with all the money. Maybe we will build it double thick or twice as high. Everything that they wanted. But I made one mistake. I should have said we will not build a wall. Then they would have insisted that we build it. I could've saved two years of litigation. We will not build the wall under any circumstances. Pelosi would say you -- we demand you build a wall. These people are terrible. Crazy nancy. Crazy as a bedbug. She is crazy as a bedbug. She decided to make a nice little stop in at the beauty parlor. How did that work out? Not too good. It did not work out too well. Can you imagine? The owner of the beauty parlor is a maga lady. She loves trump. Can you believe it? [cheers and applause] and I don't know what it is but I think if I owned a beauty parlor and I had a customer, I am not show sewer -- i'm not so sure I would be turning her in. The owner turned nancy in. That is a lot of hate. That is serious hate. No, she is a great owner as far as I am concerned. She is fantastic. She is for us. What made you do it? She said because I see how hard our President has to work. I see what they put him through. I see what he puts up with. And I turned her in. How about that? [cheers and applause] how about that, huh? We love her. She can do my hair anytime. [laughter] I think I am going to call her in. Check it out. Maybe she can improve it. It is not bad though. I have friends my age, they are not looking too good. Instead of standing up for america, joe biden and the democrats, they condemn America. And war is always waged on our great law enforcement. We love our law enforcement. Kamala harris, that is another great beauty, kamala harris, that is a beauty. I tell this story all the time. When you pick somebody, you pick somebody that is hot, that is going in the right direction. She came out she was at like 14, 15 in the polls, and she started going down, down, never stopped. It drove her crazy. She was terrible in the debates. I do not want to put pressure on her, but wait until you see what mike Pence does to her in the debates. [cheers and applause] do we have a great Vice President? [cheers and applause] he loves all the states. He is a great American. Remember in the last debate what he did to that character from virginia? The other guy is jumping around, rah. Mike is like, we love america, we are going to lower your taxes. Thank you. We win. But kamala harris and 13 members of biden's staff urge their supporters to donate to a fund to get rioters out of jail as soon as possible. Including one who attempted to murder a police officer, a man accused of sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl. This is what we are dealing with. This is what we are dealing with. Kamala is considered further left than crazy bernie. Think of that. Seriously. You know the manifesto that biden -- it's not biden, his people, his representatives. Because biden does not know he is alive, let's not kid themselves -- kid ourselves. They just told him what is happening. They said listen, you are against fracking, but now you have to be in favor of fracking. Because you lucked out. Elizabeth warren decided not to drop out, and when she -- pocahontas. She is another great one. Pocahontas. I said to her a long time ago, I have got more indian blood in me than you do, and I have none. And I have none. Sadly. I would love a little bit of it. But I have none. And I tell you that to be right. She choked. And she went to a bloodbath. Remember, what, was it 1034th. -- 1024th. Maybe 900 years ago there was a little action going on. Crazy pocahontas. She is a nasty one, though, isn't she? She is a terrible person. I was hoping that she would win so we could go after her. Because I think kamala is not as smart, she is a little less vicious. I think this -- the one who treated sleepy joe the worst w as kamala. She accused him of me too. She accused him of everything. She accused him of being a racist, that he was a racist. Because what he has done to the black population of this entry was a terrible thing. She has accused him of everything under the above. Remember the bussing scandal? I said he will never pick her because she was too terrible to him. By far, I would say. But she picked him and hopefully it will be history, that will not matter. That is no way for a woman to become the first president, that is for sure. If a woman is going to become the first President of the united states, it cannot be her. That would rip our country apart. This is not what people want. And she comes in through the back door. This would not be what people want, especially because it is. Biden has called to end cash bail. For vicious criminals. Meaning if you assault a cop or anyone else you are back on the streets the next day. The enemy. He says the enemy. And he just thinks it is terrible. He thinks it is terrible. Now he is liking the police much more. A little late. First instinct, that is where they are going. He has no choice because he has to. I was going to say, the radical left hates him. Because they think he deceived them. Because they agreed on that manifesto, and that manifesto is seriously a leftist dream. And he agreed. From the green new deal, getting rid of your planes. No my are -- no more airplane trips. Remember the crazy Senator from hawaii? Do you like the green new deal? I like it very much, he said. The beautiful island of hawaii. She said, under the green new deal he basically cannot fly in an airplane. Oh, that is a problem. So they said they would build a bridge from the mainland to hawaii. 2000 miles long, but these are minor details. Remember when they explained to her that planes are out? Cows are out. They don't want cattle. Did they withdraw that one? That was a tough one, wasn't? They don't want cows. Bad for the ozone layer. Who would even think of that? You have to be sick to even think that? Give me a break -- you have to be sick to even think that. Give me a break. This guy is next. It is a sick deal going on to do it the way they want the cost $100 trillion. That is more money than this country could earn in 1000 deal -- 1000 years. We don't like that building. The windows are too large. Let's rip it down. We are not going to have windows anymore. Environmental. They love wind, too. The big windmills. The greatest graveyard in the world, just walk under a windmill. You will see more dead birds than you will ever imagine. Including eagles. In California they put you in jail if you shoot a bald eagle. You go to jail. These windmills are not going to -- are knocking them out of the sky all day long. And yet they want wind. And wind, it is very hard to soar. The electricity from wind. -- hard to store the electricity from wind. So if you want to go home and watch President trump at home and watches brilliant -- darling, I am sorry, you cannot watch tonight, the wind is not blowing. I liked the old days much better. But the rhetoric of biden and the radical left puts your law enforcement in serious danger. Last weekend, two los angeles sheriff's deputies were ambushed and shot at point-blank range. And we have everybody looking for that creep that did it. And I called him an animal last night, and we were challenged by some people on the left. He's not an animal, he's a human being. He is not a human being. They have to find him. And the penalty has to be very fast, very swift, and very, very severe. Can't do that. You know, we called for the death penalty if you kill a policeman, you know that? But the anti-police demonstrators, they cheered when they saw this, and then they tried to stop them from even getting into the hospital. As president, I will always support the heroes of law enforcement, and I will fight to ensure that criminals who murder police officers do indeed get the death penalty. [cheers and applause] you know, they want prisoners to vote too. I said what about like, the boston bomber? Remember bernie sanders? They want all prisoners to vote. So we sent out a question, does that include the boston bomber? Even bernie is going like, let's get into a different question. But we want to take care of it. If you look at all the problems we have, even somebody brought it up today, we are doing a great job relative to other countries on the coronavirus. We had like 22 different names. I call it the China virus. We are doing a great job. If you really want to see a great job, take new york and some of these other democrat-run states out of it. You will see numbers that are unbelievable. Because new york had a very, very hard time. A lot of bad things happened. If you take a few of the states out, you will really see numbers. By comparison to other countries, and by almost all metrics, we have done an incredible job, including the job of helping the world with ventilators and all the things that we built. And I think our task force has been incredible. Mike Pence has done a great job. Biden opposes the death penalty for cop killers or mass murderers. Biden says he wants to protect black lives, but his radical platform book I short the lives of thousands of african-american citizens. The Democrat party's war of cops has led to surging homicides and democrat-controlled studies. Nationwide ask him, what about nationwide, what about the fact that you just had your Democrat national convention -- whereby the way, we had far more viewers, millions and millions more viewers. We had millions more. I thought it was a great thing. Did anybody hear herschel walker that night? [applause] you talk about a good football player, he was some player. What a great guy. But all of them, first lady did great. Ivanka did great. They did great. We had some incredible stories. Some very sad stories, when you look at see what happened. But biden's plan is to appease the domestic terrorists. My plan is to arrest the domestic terrorists. Joe biden is a weak person. He has always been a weak person. And that was in prime time, and prime time was 25 years ago. And let me tell you, he is not old. I always defend him in this. I have friends who are, 85, 90, 92, 95, and they are 100%. There is just something wrong with joe. He is off. He's off, ok? And I have no problem saying it anymore. This is not disinformation, this is fact. If he is elected, his radical supporters will not just be putting mayhem on the streets, they will be running the department of justice, department of homeland security, the department of education, and most importantly, they will put many judges on the United States supreme court. We cannot have that. We will have a totally different country. Radical left judges. And that has to do with your second amendment. It has to do with right to life. It has to do with so many different things that will turn your world upside down. And they will have one, two, thr ee or four, whoever is the next president, and hopefully that will be us, not me, us. [cheers and applause] but you know, I put -- think of this, by the end of the term, we will have approximately 300 brand new great federal judges, court of appeals judges, 300. Which is a record. 300. Give or take a little tiny bit. But 300. Nobody thought that was possible. None thank President obama. He left us 142 openings. A federal judgeship is a big deal. He gave us 142 openings. Thank you very much. They thought hillary was going to win, so they did not push it. Then they said these polls are getting a little close at the end. And they tried like hell to get some judges through, but it did not work. You have to go and you have to act fast. You have to get it done. We get things done like nobody has ever gotten that done. He was a great President. He was great. He left 142 judges for the republicans. He was a great president, right? If you are of that side of the plate, if you are that ideology and you had a President that left you 142 federal judgeships, I did not think he would write him as doing a good job. Hey, look at what happened in iraq. Look at what happened with Isis. Look at what happened with our military. Look at what happened with our vets. Our vets are better taken care of now than they ever have been in the history of our country. But never forget, they are coming after me because I am fighting for you, and that is true. That is true. And we are winning the fight. And we are winning this election. We are doing well. They refused to say it. They refuse to say it. Play hate to say it. It drives them crazy. What is nice. Remember, they started off by saying this will be a very short evening for Donald Trump. That was Donald Trump in those days. Now it is President trump. I lost all my friends because of this position. I had friends, hey don, let's go to dinner. Ok richard, I will see you later. Everybody was nice and loose, you could have a great conversation. You don't want to know what we talked about. It was none of your business. But it was nice and loose. All of a sudden I become President of the United States. Actually the people I like the best are the people that are less successful, because it makes you feel so powerful. I always say, never go out with a successful person. You understand. But I know a lot of very successful people. Very successful. Now they call me up, mr. President, would you like to get together sometime? I say, loosen up. Yes, call me donald. You have known me through 30 years. -- you have known me for 30 years. Called me donald. No, I lost all my friends because it is respect for the office. It is different. They used to be loose. They used to be great. I am not a drinker, but you could sit back and have a drink. Whatever the hell you are drinking. You cannot do that anymore. So I have to rely on people in Congress to be my friends. We just happen to have a couple tonight. One of them who has been a great warrior and he is doing a fantastic job, I just saw you on television by the way. Does everybody know brian style? [applause] young, handsome, but a warrior. When the fake impeachment happened, was a total fake. What did we finish up with the republicans? 197-0. It was a fake impeachment. I got impeached over a perfect phone call of congratulations to the President of ukraine, who I never met before. Ok? I mean, if you are going to do something, at least know him a little bit, right? I never met him. Then they said it was eight times, quid pro quo. That was adam schiff. Shifty schiff. He went before Congress and he repeated my conversation, except he made it all up. Remember? He repeated it, then I set, ah, -- I said, ah, we had that whole thing essentially recorded. I am glad I did. He is a very deceptive -- these are very deceptive, deceiving, sick people. He lied, because there was no quid pro quo. It was a perfect conversation. By that time it was too late because they had already embarrassed themselves by doing it. And nancy pelosi, she loved doing it, from day one. She thought it was what shift said. When she saw the conversation, she said to her people, what the hell did you get me into? They could have dropped it but they said let's give it a shot. We won. Other than mitt romney, well, we lost half a vote. That is another beauty. Mitt romney, he is another beauty. He could not get elected dogcatcher right now in utah. We have another great one and he is really a friend of mine, and he has been solid. He loves his country, he loves his state. Glen, thank you very much. A man who just got elected, and he's from an area that I know very well, we did very well. Big, fat, beautiful contract that produced lots of jobs. But he was taking a legend's place, so it is never easy to replace a legend. And he was running, and we did a lot of work for him, and it was great, and he reacted very well under pressure. A lot of people do not react well under pressure. They choke. They choke. He was under a lot of pressure and he ended up winning by like, 18 point. Now he is your Congressman. He's doing a great job. You have to vote for all these people on november 3. Tom tiffany. [cheers and applause] thank you, tom. We have a great congressional candidate. Derek van orton. Where is derek? I hear good things, derek. Got my total support. I can only support if I like. My record is like 222 and three. So, I do not like to have a loss. I support you 100%. You have my total endorsement. I hear you are fantastic. And your former congressman, who I hope is making a lot of money in the private sector, because he deserves it, especially his wife rachel deserves it. She is fantastic, he is fantastic. Because I know he is coming back into government in some form. He can come with us, he can stay here, he can maybe run for governor, maybe do something? [cheers and applause] sean duffy. Sean duffy. No, but he was the world champion tree climber. I love sports, right? Anytime you have a world champion in anything, but especially that. I will never forget, I was asking him, how was it? He said he broke his back numerous times, he broke a lot of bones. I said, let me ask you a question. How much harder was it to go up the tree then down? It was easy to go up, the hard part is to go down. If you miss, that is where the danger was. But many times world champion. Could you still do it today? A little bit heavier, he said. Carrying a little more weight. That is not a good sign. Anyway, great job, we love having you. Boxing friends, plenty of other places. A lot of personality. A lot of personality, racial. She has been -- rachel. She has been our friends since day one. We are also praying for everyone in the path of hurricane sally. We are out there working very hard. We are working in florida and alabama and georgia. We have fema, we have everybody there. I mean, take a look. We just went to louisiana, texas. We are getting hit by some big hurricanes, but we have it under control really good. Our coast guard has been fantastic by the way. Unbelievable, the bravery. They go into these storms. They go into the storms, I say how dangerous is it? Very dangerous. We like to try it sometime? Admirable -- admiral, no thank you. I will take a pass. I think they would have a problem with me doing it. In texas they saved 16,000 people two years ago, the u. s. Coast guard. There is no brand that has gone up more to me than the u. s. Coast guard. Those ships are all coming, nice new ones all built in the usa. Beautiful ones. Most of them have already arrived. My administration will be by their side through every step. We are working very hard in the panhandle. The panhandle, we love the panhandle. It got hit hard. We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage joe biden inflicted over the last 47 years. We passed record tax cuts and regulation cuts. Nobody has ever done more. More than anybody else has ever done. To keep our family farms in the family. We have virtually eliminated the unfair estate tax, also known as the death tax. So if you die and 100 years from now and you have children you love as opposed to children that you cannot stand -- does anybody here have children you do not like or perhaps cannot stand? Because if you do, do not listen to the rest of this. But if you have a family that you love and you have a small business or a farm or whatever, they were being put out of business. They would have to go and borrow the money to pay the estate tax, the death tax, and it was a terrible thing. We got rid of it. So now you can leave your farm, your small business to your family. And just hope they remember you every once in a while. Always a difficult situation. But it was. It was ruining farms. They would have to go out and sell the farm. They would have to go out and get partnerships. They would have to go out and borrow money from banks and all of a sudden they are in foreclosure proceedings and they have never done that before. If you love your family, that is a big deal. They have been trying to get that, for what, 30 years? Especially for the farmers, because it is that kind of a business. It is a great business but it is day-to-day. You have a bad crop, all of a sudden you cannot pay a loan to pay your state tax. They lose the farm. We are not going to have that anymore. We achieved American energy independence for the first time. Totally independent. We do not have to be in those faraway places unless we want to be. Biden pledged to abolish American oil, American shale, clean coal, natural gas. He is anti-fracking, I told you that, but we are not going to let him get away. We are going to bring that up on occasion. For 47 years, joe biden crushed the dreams of wisconsin workers and enriched foreign countries. That is what happened. Before what got here, what was happening with japan, and we pay our deep respect to prime minister abe of japan, a great friend of all of ours, a great friend of mine, he is going to be leaving office very soon, like, in a matter of a day. He was a great gentleman. He is a tough negotiator, I will tell you that. He made very good deals against the u. s. , but he is going to be missed. He is a great gentleman. He championed every special interest, biden, every special interest, and he sold out your trade. He sold out like almost nobody ever before. Earlier this year, I kept my promise to American workers when we ended the nafta nightmare and signed the brand-new u. s. -mexico candida agreement into law. -- u. s. -mexico candida agreement into law. I saved the u. s. Auto industry by withdrawing from the transpacific partnership. You ever hear of that beauty? That would have really hit you. In 20 I signed a historic executive order making government policy to buy American and hire American. Biden, he has a sign that says buy American. I have been saying that for 20 years. Where the hell has this guy been? They are actually accusing him of plagiarism. I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to china's rampant theft of wisconsin jobs. All jobs, but you got hit particularly hard. Biden has vowed to remove those tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging. He wants to take the tariffs off that are paying us tens of billions of dollars a year. I fought like hell to keep them into the China deal and he wants to remove them. So tens of billions of dollars, billions and billions. I gave it to the farmers and a lot of people, but I give most of it by far to the u. s. Treasury. He wants to take them -- let me tell you a very innocent question. There is a young man about four years old upfront, I think he could get the answer. Who do you think -- how do you think China would feel about this election? In one case they k -- they pay billions and billions of dollars a month to the u. s. We never ever got $. 10 from China. In the other case, he said we are going to take them off. I think they might be inclined to go for sleepy joe. This is like a dream for China. Joe biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the usa. It is very simple. [applause] [chanting "usa"] so we did many things. Not only china, not only the $28 billion to farmers, we did so much. And I am proud to announce that I am doing even more to support wisconsin farmers. Starting next week, my administration is committing an additional -- you have been asking for this for a long time. $13 billion in relief to help farmers recover from the China virus, including wisconsin's incredible dairy, cranberry, and ginseng farmers who got hurt badly. Been after that money for a long time. When the wisconsin timber industry was threatened, I imposed tariffs on dumped foreign timber and subsidized products, saving many, many timber jobs in your state. If joe biden gets in, the radical left will shut down wisconsin's timber production for environmental reasons. You believe that? Oh boy. It's so sad to see it. And that would happen, but we cannot let that happen. We have come too far. We are so good. If that virus had not hit us, and it did, and it hit the whole world, but if it had not hit us, we would have numbers the likes of which nobody thought were even remotely possible. But it did. And we saved a lot of lives. They keep saying, oh -- by the way, if we had two people died they would have said we did a horrible job. If we had 100 people die, 1000, no matter what we do. We have trade deals, we announce a trade deal, everybody says how great it is. Schumer and Pelosi see it, they have no idea what the deal is. We don't like the deal. Did you look at it? Of course we looked at it. It does not have tariffs. Oh, it does have tariffs. Automatically anything we do, they just take the reverse. But you know what? I would probably do it to them too, so I cannot complain. But perhaps no issue have our opponents betrayed families of working backgrounds than on the subject of immigration. Under my administration we have achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended the catch and release -- you know what catch and release is? You catch them. They may be a killer, they may be a criminal of the highest order. Then you are supposed to bring them to a court, like perry mason, right? But we actually catch them, take their name, release them, say come back in about four years for your court case. We ended all that stuff. You think that was easy? It was not easy, let me tell you. It was tough. But we have a really good secure border, and the President of mexico has been terrific. We have 27,000 soldiers from mexico guarding our border. Free of charge. We stopped -- we deported 20,000 gang members and over half a million criminal illegal aliens of the worst kind. We're enforcing the clear requirements that newcomers to our country must be financially self-sufficient and not reliant on welfare. They have to sign a document. We invested $2. 5 trillion in the u. s. Military, including major contracts to build new warships that help save the historic shipyard in -- how about that? I was there a few months ago. So, that's a great company. But it was having a hard time, and now they are building -- what was that? Like $6 billion worth of ships? And they are beauties. We worked very hard on that. We had a lot of hard-working congressmen on that one. A lot of people wanted that contract, but we got it for wisconsin. Remember that. We launched the first new branch of the United States armed forces in nearly 75 years. That's right, the space force. You know, the fact is that somebody set it on the others. An opponent said whether you like it or not, trump actually did more as President than he promised during the campaign. Like space force, that is a big deal. Think of it. Army, navy, air force, marines, coast guard. Think of it. That is all you heard your whole life. The army, the navy, air force, the marines, the coast guard. Now we have the space force. You know what a big deal -- first time in 75 years it is a new one. The last one was 75 years ago, the air force. That is a big think. I never talked about that on the campaign. I never even thought about it. When I became president, I said we have to do this because I saw what Russia and China were doing. What are we going to do, not have it? Going to be end up being maybe one of your, or certainly one of your most important, because that is where it is at, in terms of defense, in terms of offense. We passed v. a. Choice and v. a. Accountability for our great veterans. Veteran satisfaction, 91%, the highest score we have ever received. You ever notice -- remember years ago, every story, every night the nightly news, he would always have horrible stories about the v. a. You do not see it anymore. I do not want to give them any ideas because they will search all over the country for a vet who is unhappy. I am hurting myself but telling the story. This is not a good story. But every night you would have these horror stories about the v. a. You do not see it anymore. 91% approval rating. I kept my promise, recognized the capital of israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights, and we achieved the first breakthrough in the Middle East peace. He saw that two days ago. Uae, bahrain, israel, nobody thought it was even possible. I saw John kerry on television the other day. It is not possible. We waited a little while. He went very strong. It is not possible. And it was not only possible, we have many countries that are joining us very soon. We killed the founder and the leader, the vicious leader of Isis. Al-baghdadi, we killed him. And we also took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murder of American troops, many, many troops and many people all over the world. So let manny is dead. -- solemani is dead. Dead. Very bad guy. We kept America out of new wars and we are bringing our troops back home. No one has been more wrong more often than sleepy joe biden. He voted for the iraq war. He supported the defense sequester that gutted our military. I took over a military that was totally depleted, like hillary clinton, deleted, as opposed to depleted. She depleted them too. But she deleted 33,000 emails. When is somebody going to pull the string? Ah, come on, fellas. Ahhhh. 33,000 emails! Try going to court sometime on a civil case. You know, when you go before the judge, he will say, did you delete those emails, did you get rid of those texts, did you this -- now they caught all these guys cleaning their phones because they were under investigation. And they cleaned their phones, how many were they, 21, but lik e, 33 phones? Look what they do to General flynn and some of these people who did nothing. They are criminals. It is criminal. They are criminals. They talk, they talk, they talk. They are criminals. They cleaned their phones so you do not have any of the information. But that is a big problem for them, I would imagine. It is a disgrace that they can do it. But if you go back -- hilary went back and weeded and acid washed. She also used two them with a hammer, remember that -- she also used to bang them with a hammer, your memo that? -- you remember that? I think bill barr is doing excellent job. He is fighting a very bad establishment in washington. There are some bad apples. But if you think that biden opposed the mission to take out osama bin laden, he was against it. He opposed the killing of soleani. He oversaw the rise of Isis. What a mistake. And he cheered the rise of China as a very positive development for America and the world. I don't think so. I don't think so. Not been too positive. If it were up to joe biden, bin laden and solemani would still be alive, Isis would be on the rampage, and China would be a dominant power, and they are not even close. We have weaponry the likes nobody of which has ever seen. $2. 5 trillion buys you some good stuff, especially when we have the finest scientific and military minds in the world. We have weapons the likes of which nobody has seen, and just hope to God we never have to use them. I say it, and I say it strongly. Hope we never have to use them. My attitude was -- and I learned this a long time ago. By having them, we keep ourselves out of war as opposed to bringing us into war. But we have built and created weapons the likes of which this world has never seen before. And we don't have to talk about it too much, nor do I really want to talk about it. When I band travel from china, biden called a hysterical and xenophobic. Xenophobic, what is that mean? Biden also opposed my plan to ban Europe. I saw what was happening in france and spain and italy. Highly infected. We banned Europe. If we had not insisted and listened to joe and insisted -- you don't have to do the ban. Hundreds of thousands of more americans would have died from the plague. Biden was willing to sacrifice American lives on the altar of open borders. Now I hear him talking, "he should have followed me. " this guy did swine fluke, right? It was a catastrophe. The man who headed up the swine flu, I won't use his name. I can't imagine the Democrats are thrilled. He says it was a horrible job. We had no idea what we were doing. It was a disaster. He said it was a disaster. Now biden is telling us how to do what we are doing so well on, what other countries are calling me and congratulating me on the incredible job. I have sleepy joe biden trying to tell me how to do it. His own men who headed it up, swine flu, h1 and one swine -- h1 and one swine flu. I said it's easy to remember, because h comes before n. He can't do it. The other day, under a harris-biden administration, that was a disaster. I never said under a pence-trump administration. He said under a harris-biden administration. What made it worse is she said the same thing. They are a disaster together. Through our historic relief programs, we saved more than one million wisconsin jobs, and 87,000 wisconsin businesses. [applause] biden would demolish all of those. We have done similar things in other states. He would destroy your social security, totally destroy it. And destroy protections for pre-existing conditions. They want to go to social medicine. You know that, right? They want social health care. Remember obama? 28 times, you can keep your doctor, keep your plan, that didn't work out too well. Why haven't they looked into that one? Under medicare for all -- it's basically socialized health care -- you will never have your doctor, never have your plan, horrible health care, you will wait long times. He wants to wipe out 180 million private health care plans that people love. 180 million plans. I don't think he's going to make it. How do you get elect -- let's say texas -- he's against oil, he's against god, and he's against guns. That's a tough combination in texas. He is against religion. They won't open in these blue states. They will not open your churches. I think they have an all terrier motive. One thing they have is probably open everything until november 4. They better be careful. The paper ballots. You talk about a bad thing? Get out and vote. If you have to go that route, make sure they have it counted. [applause] and they know it's trouble. They just had another election today where it's a disaster. The votes come in, they have no idea, they can't count them. They are off by 20%, 25%, missing ballots. They have a woman in new york who is a terrible congresswoman, carolyn maloney. They gave her an election, they can't even find the ballots. They gave her a victory and they can't find -- the guy who is against her that did very well, even though he's more progressive, I don't even know what she is, i've known her for 25 years, I don't think she's progressive, I think she's whatever she has to be. This guy will probably be her -- beat her. He's not too happy. They can't find the ballots. Wants to force you to provide free health care to illegal aliens. He raised his hand. That will totally drain your wonderful medicare. Remember the question standing up, who was willing to give free health care to illegal aliens? Everybody raised their hand. Kamala was up there. That will destroy your country. Because you can't afford it. Biden is looking around, they raised their hands, remember? I remember. I said there goes the election for him. He'd end our travel ban on jihadist regions and increase refugees by over 700%. That's the deal he made with bernie sanders. Opening the floodgates to tear afflicted nations. But I predict the sanders people will vote for us like they did last time. We had a tremendous -- because they love my stance on trade. I know trade. I was telling him much more so than even bernie. Bernie is right on that subject, other countries, including our so-called allies, are ripping us off with trade. Biden opposes school choice and vowed to ban charter schools. Does everybody like charter schools? Everybody likes choice. In a second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in amamerica. A vote for republicans is a vote for safe communities, save jobs, and limitless futures for all American. It's a vote for the American dream. Instead of letting washington changes, and despite all we have gone through, we are changing washington. That's what's been happening. [applause] in conclusion, and I hate concluding with you, because I like you, I like you. I don't know why the hell I like wisconsin, but for some reason. [applause] as you know, for weeks before the elections, crooked hillary was four up. Sean duffy said "you are going to win, don't worry about it. " I don't like the polls. He said "you're going to win so easy. " "donald trump has won the state of wisconsin. " [applause] when i'm here speaking in the freezing cold, i'm lucky -- I said it's very warm in new york, very warm in washington, it was hot, I said "do you think we have a coat on the plane?" what's the temperature?" "49. " "how about giving me a coat?" they have everything on air force one. More televisions than any plane in history. They have televisions in closets, on floors, on ceilings. Over the next few years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. We will end our reliance on China once and for all. [applause] we will make our medical supplies right here in the u. s. , and right here in the great state of wisconsin. [applause] we will rapidly return to full employment, that's happening very fast. Soaring economies and the record prosperity will be even greater then it was last year. [applause] we will hire more police, increase penalties on assaults of law enforcement, search federal prosecutors into high crime communities, and we will ban sanctuary cities, which are deadly. [applause] we will appoint prosecutors, judges, and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. We will defend the dignity of work as a sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. [applause] we will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless foreign wars. And you remember with me, they thought because of my personality, they said "he will be at war in the first week. " what happened to the war? Remember we were going to be at war with North Korea? Hillary would have been in a war with North Korea. Everybody said maybe I will do something with social security, and I did, I saved it and made it stronger. Now i'm going to make it even stronger. They are going to get rid of your social security, because everything will come collapsing down. You will have a depression. If he gets in, they will raise interest rates, raise taxes, you will have a depression the likes of which this country has never seen before. Your 401(k)s, jobs will go down in flames. I just say it here. Hopefully we never experience it. That's what will happen. We will maintain america's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. [applause] we will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which I have already signed, further reduce health insurance premiums at the cost of prescription drugs, which are coming down now. I signed favored nations clauses. The drug companies are not happy with me, I will say. They never thought it was possible. They never thought anybody would do that for them. They've made enough money for a long time, it time you've got a big break. We will strongly protect medicare and social security. We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. Always. We will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars. And nasa is now the hottest space center anywhere in the world. When I took over 3. 5 years ago, there was grasp growing in the runways read it was closed down, it was a mess. You see what's going on. We have a lot of guys sending them up. I said let them do it. Rich guys like rockets. I see dollars going right up. But they need a good place to launch. We have the best places. It's been incredible what we have done with nasa. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. [applause] and we will live by the timeless words of our national motoo "-- motto, "in God we trust. " for years, you had a President who apologized for america, now you have a President standing up for america, and the state of wisconsin. [applause] so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, get everybody, and get out and vote november 3. [applause] from milwaukee to madison, from oshkosh to la crosse, from green bay, how are the packers doing so far? Good team, good people. To write here, give me the proper printed -- to right here, give me the proper pronunciation? That's right, that's what I said. We inherit the legacy of generations of wisconsin patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continents, paved the wilderness, dugout the panama canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And you haven't seen anything yet. [applause] proud citizens like you help build this country. Together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. [applause] we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of wisconsin, we will make America wealthy again. [applause] we will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, wisconsin. Thank you.