ID: CSPANDT189202064
Title: President Trump Campaign Remarks in Bemidji, Minnesota
Date: 2020-09-18

This is a lot of people. Thank you very much. That is a big group of people. This is on fast notice, too. Thank you. None say hello, minnesota. We love you, minnesota. You are great. [applause] we are going to win minnesota because they did nothing for me to soda except close up that beautiful iron or territory. They closed it with a pen. Do you remember that? I came along and I opened it up. I am thrilled to be here with the beautiful, great, hard-working people of this incredible state. You are really hard-working American patriots, that is what you are. A lot of people have not been treated right until I came along. We have done a lot of work and a lot of good work. You had your best year ever. The state had the best year ever. 46 days from now, we are going to win minnesota and we are going to win four more years. One of the most vital issues in this election is the subject of refugees. You know it perhaps better than almost anybody. Are you having a good time? With your refugees. Omar, he said omar, that is a beauty. How the hell did she win the election? How did she win? Unbelievable. Every family in minnesota needs to know about sleepy joe biden's extreme plan to flood your state with an influx of refugees from somalia, from other places, all over the planet. That is what is happened. And you like omar a lot, don't you? Biden has promised a 700% increase in the manifesto with bernie, right? A 700% increase in the importation of refugees from the most dangerous places in the world including yemen, syria, somalia. Congratulations, minnesota. Good luck. Enjoy yourselves. If i'm not here, I don't know where i'm going to be. Maybe I will go over to see mike re. I will come and see mike. Your state will be overrun and destroyed if biden and he the radical left wing. They have not treated you write. They have not treated minnesota right. Thank you. These hangers are great. Member, this is a family protest. This is not a rally. You are not allowed to have political rallies. You are not allowed to go to church, you are not allowed to do anything. The only thing you are allowed to do is run wild through the streets. A blow and kill people because that is considered a protest. That, they allow you to have. You don't have to wear masks at protests. I said, we cannot have a rally. Why don't we just call it a protest because this is a protest. [applause] it is a protest against stupidity. In speaking about stupidity, -- and speaking about stupidity, sleepy joe will turn minnesota into a refugee camp. Think about it. 700% increase. That guy is not too thrilled when he hears this. 700% increase is what they have in the manifesto. Maybe they don't honor it but I will say they will go substantially higher. Biden will overwhelm your schools and inundate your hospitals. Biden has even pledged to terminate our travel ban to jihadist regions. They have already been doing that to you, haven't they? Open the floodgates to radical islamic terrorists. My ministry should and is keeping terrorists, extremists, and criminals the hell out of our country. We do not want them. We have enough of them. Just today, we deported dozens of somalia nationals convicted of grain crimes including rape, assault, terrorism, and murder. These criminals are back in their country where they can do all the complaining they want. And your children are much safer as a result. Thank you, President trump. Thank you. If it were up to biden, and it is not, it is the people who are around him. They are seriously radical left Democrats. They are dangerous and the offenders are dangerous. Only by voting for me are you going to save -- I hate to say this -- I did this with your iron ore, I did with other things. I will do it for you again. I will do it for you again but if you vote for me, I am the difference and I am the wall. The wall we are building on the southern border? I am your wall. Between the American dream and chaos. Joe biden is wholly owned and controlled by the left wing mob. This is not a sharp guy. Years ago, I said to a certain senator, I was friendly with, who is the dumbest Senator and who is the smartest? He gave me a name for the smartest. I said, who is the dumbest? He said, joe biden. That was 25 years ago. That was primetime. This is no longer primetime for sleepy joe. They make things up and they make commercials. I have never seen anything like it. Everything they make up. I am the one who is protecting your social security. Four years ago, they said trump will get rid of social security. I have protected it. They are going to destroy it. Big ten football, did I do a good job? Your team better do well. You are on the spot. Are they going to do well this year? I brought it back. That sort of energized me. Sleepy joe did an ad I was against big 10 football. Give me a break. I said, what is the problem with big ten football? They said, they are not going to open. Why? They say some stupid reason. I said, these are strong young people. They are going to do great. Let's get going. I called the commissioner, kevin, good guy. We started something. We got it rolling. We had a big opposition from a few of the Democrat states and governors but we rolled over the opposition. You have big ten football, congratulations. When the far-left writers -- ru ioters rampage across minneapolis and your state, how about your police department? They were told to do that. You have a good police department but they are not allowed to do their jobs. They are not allowed to do their jobs. Remember that? They were told to leave the precinct. Then they got the hell out of that precinct. Had a great mayor, a real powerhouse. Did you hear of a man, laguardia? I don't think that happened with him. I don't get happened with rudy giuliani. What a great job it really did. -- rudy did. People forget how good he was as a mayor. He was a great mayor. Joe biden called the peaceful protesters. He said, these are peaceful protesters. As opposed to sitting in the national guard. Joe biden said, you should not send the national guard. This went on day after day. I pushed and I got it approved. It ended within half an hour? It was about half an hour. You better remember this when you go and vote. Your voting starts today. President trump is down nine in minnesota. The good thing about these beautiful -- air force one, right? That is the smaller version. They take the smaller to save about $12. The great thing about those beautiful planes, they have more televisions than any plane in history. We have televisions in the closet, on the ceilings, on the floors. We have them all over the place. They said, there he is and they said it is a smattering of people. They called it a smattering. They always do that. And yet biden with the circles, like for people in a circle. You know why he does the circles? Because he cannot draw crowds. He is trying to be legitimate but he is going to go by the science. He doesn't know what the word science is. They have four or five circles. That is why he doesn't have to be embarrassed when he goes to it a high school gymnasium and he has 40 or 50 people. They had one and you saw this, he could not draw a crowd. So they made it a roundtable. They only had like 32 people. They said, this is very embarrassing. That is what they do. Some of the people surrounding him, they will say anything and do anything. They said, let's not make it a speech, let's make it a roundtable. They had no idea. Most of them didn't know any thing about politics, and now they are sitting in a roundtable and they are on television. They said we had a smattering of people. A smattering of about 15,000 people in today's notice -- in two day's notice. This does not include the 10,000 people they turned away. I hate that they turned them away. You would think with an airport, they wouldn't have to turn anybody away. Sometimes you have Democrats running an airport. They don't like all these people here. That is true. If it were up to biden, your state would be in ruins. Take a look at what they have done. They make phony commercials about me. Like how about the worst word of all? Standing in a grave -- on a grave of a fallen soldier. Source said -- there is no source, they make it up -- it is called disinformation. You are not supposed to that. I am not sure if he knows. He is too weak to understand and control his people, but it allows me to say whatever I want. The truth is he is not to be your President. He is not mentally fit. If biden is elected, extremists like johann omar -- ilhan omar -- whatever happened to her? You had a great writer who has made a living writing about her. She has done so many criminal acts? Isn't it disgraceful she gets away with it? I say, how the hell does she get away with that? Look at General flynn, they said he did not even lie. And he has gone through hell. This guy wrote page after page of criminal acts. Let's see what happens. The hurrying -- between her and how about aoc? Aoc is running a campaign against a guy supposed to be speaker of the house, joe crowley. I asked him, are you campaigning against this maniac? He said, no, she is just a young girl. I called him on election night. I wanted to say, how did that work out? He was going to be speaker of the house. All of a sudden, she had no money, nothing. She had $2 million. She spent the $2 million over the place, her and her boyfriend. Whatever happened to her? Can you imagine if I did that? You have to look at that. She spent the $2 million. Big story, one quick story. Probably the guy who wrote the story busted his job at the new york times. He is now unemployed. She spent $2 million in bull ship. -- on bullshit. Ok? If a republican did that, they would be in jail. You know that. It is a different standard and it is a disgrace and our guys better get on the ball. They were talking about russia, russia, Russia. There has never been anybody so tough on Russia with the sanctions. Remember obama? Would send pillows. I send tank busters to ukraine. I exposed the pipeline with Germany. Germany pays them billions and billions of dollars. We are supposed to protect Germany from Russia. I said, how does that work question Mark you are spending billions of dollars. I exposed it. What I have done, they don't want me to go. Maybe North Korea does. I have a good relationship with them. Speaking of north korea, it is ok to have a elation ship. You don't have to go to wars. We don't have to lose our great solitude. It is good. If I got along with putin -- someone said, he gets along well with putin. I am saying to myself, isn't that sort of a good thing? He gets along with putin. That is a bad thing. You saw the head of the fbi yesterday go, russia, Russia is looking at our election. Here we go again. I said, what about China? What about North Korea? What about Iran? The narrative seems to be Russia. Millions of phone calls made, not one to Russia. Millions of phone calls received, not one to Russia. Then they asked him about nt five. Well, it is an ideology. I said, no, it is a bunch of thugs and anarchists. That have been funded by somebody and find out to the somebody is. -- who the somebody is. It is unbelievable. Seriously, take a look at the aoc. I call her aoc plus three. Three people she tells what to do. How angry -- can you imagine if I do that, it is a different ballgame. How angry it makes me when I see it. We have an attorney General that did not have a clue. Do you know why he endorsed me? We went to mobile, alabama. He said, I would like to endorse you. Then he said, I would love to be attorney General. I said, I don't think so. After four or five times asking, I am a loyal person can read the mistakes you make sometimes our loyalty. Allowing her to get away with that is a disgrace. Maybe there is something they can do. Forget about looking for the emails. They are available. I guarantee they are in the state department. I guarantee they are in the state department. They ought to dam well find them. Forget about that. Almost as good is the fact you are not allowed to do what she did. Her lawyers should face equal consequences. Equal. That is the way it is. I said to myself, i'm going to stay uninvolved. I don't have to. I think it is better if I stay uninvolved. I have stayed uninvolved and we do have an excellent attorney General. Bill barr. I will be honest, smart guy. I think he is getting tougher and tougher every day. I think he is not going to put up with this stuff. He has a lot of people that are deep stators, whatever you want to call them. He is getting tougher and tougher. I watched and said, that is what we are waiting for. She deletes her emails. Aoc gets rid of $2 million. She calls us all like, what the hell are we? She controls nancy Pelosi. Nancy Pelosi would love to get rid of her. How about closing? -- Pelosi? She goes out and said, I think I had my head it done. -- had done. -- head done. We had a great crowd in wisconsin. [applause] you have a feeling about places. The problem with minnesota is I think since 1972, this has not been won by a republican. You want to hide the eight ball when you hear that, right? Wisconsin, really, but I won wisconsin. Unlike minnesota, thank you very much, tom. Thank you. Unlike minnesota, but it is my fault. I had one speech left. It started at 1:00 in the morning. I went to michigan and we won michigan. We brought back so many auto companies in michigan. It was already voting day. Election day. By the time we got there, it was scheduled. Had I made that one stop, we would have won minnesota. I lost by what, half a point? Half a point. They said, he is in minnesota. Down in nine. Down nine. I believe it is a suppression poll somebody said trump has the greatest political instincts of the last 100 years. One of my enemy said that. I said, I don't believe that. They said that, I was very impressed. I went to my wife, they say I have the greatest political instincts and over 100 years. But I said, I don't leave it. I don't want to be beto, I was born to run for President. That was the end of his career. He is going to take your guns away, right? Biden, sleepy joe. He is going to take your guns away. Remember beto on the cover of a bad magazine? They have a lot of bad magazines out there. The good news is all of them are dying. Beto o'rourke, he did the story. He was going to defeat ted cruz, do all these things. Ted beat him. I helped a lot, I was with had all the way. I think ted appreciated it. I said, I am putting ted cruz as one of the people for the supreme court. You know why I did it? You know why I did it? I wanted to make sure I had on the list. 45 unbelievable people. The smartest, the best. The crandell a clam -- creme de la creme. Conservative, they believe in the constitution. Little things like that. I said, I have to have somebody we are going to make sure we get approved. The only when I can think of is ted. He is going to get 50 republican votes and 50 Democrat votes. They will do anything to get him out of the senate. I joked when I said that to ted. He is the only man I know that can get 100 votes from the senate. Every single Senator is going to vote for him. He is a great guy and he is a brilliant guy. He has been great. One of the things we have done that is so good with the supreme court, we have two supreme court justices. We will have at the end of my term approximately 300 federal judges. There is no way I am nine points down. I look at a crowd, whether I have good instinct or not, this is not the crowd of some buddy who is going to finish second to sleepy joe. Finish second to a guy that cannot put two sentences together. It is an ideology, it does not matter. I could with that broken piece of wood -- same thing as joe. It is just an ideology. Historically, we have the biggest gap in enthusiasm of any campaign they have ever pulled. -- polled. They have no enthusiasm for him. I have tremendous news yes and, as you can tell. But he does have enthusiasm to beat trump. His only enthusiasm is put anybody in there. Put anybody in there. He does have enthusiasm for to beat trump. Historically, that never wins. When somebody has to rely on winning because of somebody as opposed to because people love you, people respect you, and sean hannity did something the other night. He said, if you owned a mcdonald's hamburger stand, would you have joe biden running that stand? The answer is no. He does not have the energy. He cannot run the country. Seriously, I thought it was good, I never thought of it. You would not have him running your business, you would not have him running a mcdonald's. Or a wendy's. I have a friend who has a wendy's. Can't you ever mention wendy's? Ok. He would not do it because he could not do it. And yet he is running for the presidency. I made a comment somebody had low energy. That was the end of his political career. Joe's energy is far lower. It is far lower than jeb. Jeb was in the low side but joe is off the scale. Right? He has nothing going to read today, biden delivered remarks barely to a union after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries. In exchange for campaign cash. How about his statement. How about -- we talk about aoc being crooked? Look at omar. She came in here, did she marry her brother? Where is that writer? That writer should be given the pulitzer prize. He never will. He should be, though. All these writers, new york times, washington post. Russia, cup russia, Russia. Trump, Russia. I had 19 people, all brilliant, all right a coal left, all hillary clinton people. Not even a never trump are from bush. Hillary clinton people, mostly. They were all Democrats. You are being investigated by 19 Democrats that are smart people. My friend says, you are the most honest person in the world. You have taken three years of total investigation. You don't think they have gone over my taxes? They went over everything. They spent $48 million. $48 million investigating me before I won and after I won. We caught them spying on my campaign, that is what they were really doing. Now with the phones, I think there are like 22 or 24 people. They said, no, we made a mistake when we deleted our phone. You know what they had to do to make that mistake? Like 19 different formulas. I didn't even know you could delete a phone. They made the same mistake. That is not good. Let's see what happens to them. It is a criminal act. You know that, right question Mark they put a lot of people in jail that have not been in jail. He is a bad guy, on cnn all the time. Owned by a company called comcast. -- concast. They spend a fortune on public relations. And then I go up and make one speech and that is the end of pr for the year. They are a bad group of people. They are sick people. They are sick and evil. They want bad things for our country. Do not report the news. In the old days, when you used public airways free, you had to get a license. I keep saying, if they are reporting fake news, how come they can keep getting a license? Abc, nbc, cbs question Mark -- cbs? Cnn. They are cable, so I guess it is a different standard. When you are using the public airways free, aren't you supposed to get a license. I asked a couple of guys. I never really get an answer. Simple question. Do you have to report the truth when you are using pre-airways and making a commercial with -- free airways and making a fortune with commercials. We are getting down to it. A lot of progress has been made. We are trying to beat a terrible group of deep estate people. I came to washington. Think of it. I came to washington and I had 24 years of people putting people in office. You can probably add another four to that. I had many years. I came, I was in washington, d. c. 17 times, never slept over. Never, not once. All of the sudden I am writing down --riding down pennsylvania avenue and I am with a beautiful woman on my right named millennia --melania -- [applause] and I had 400 motorcycles in front of me and we are in a cavalcade of 2800 cars. Most have 15 submachine guns inside. [applause] but we are writing down beautiful pennsylvania avenue and I look outside at those police. I love our police. [applause] but I had everything. I had military. I had soldiers. I had everything you could possibly have. You never saw knows -- so much power, strength, beauty. They are happy to have gotten rid of that crowd that was there before us. They are great, the police. Every single -- I got the one yesterday from chicago. That is not easy. New york's finest endorsement. Florida. Ohio. Everybody, I do not know that he has gotten one vote. You cannot mention the words law and order. I look at my wife and I say, do you believe it? I am the President of the United States. That is the good thing. [applause] and then I get to the most beautiful house in the world. I can have mar-a-lago and all of them, but the white house is still the white house. It is this a, beautiful place. And I am up at the incrediblesuite level and there is abraham lincoln's sweet --suite. Remember, continues to lease it out to people for money. They never change do they. Remember barbra streisand -- another beauty by the way. Barbra streisand used to state in that suite. Tell me. I do like her voice. I really do. Some of them I do not like even their voices. She gets to stay there and I am standing in the lincoln bedroom, at the history of the whole thing, the bed, the desk, the gettysburg address, the beautiful four score and seven years ago. He wrote it there, and also on his carriage ride up to gettysburg. He delivered the gettysburg address, and they say the only one that got worse press than I did was abraham lincoln. No way she got worse. Maybe it's bad but he got worse. They said, newt gingrich. Abraham lincoln got the worst press. They were worse than him then anybody. He was a very depressed person. His wife was very depressed. She has got a war, a revolution. He was getting beaten a lot by robert e lee. Robert e lee was there. Whether you like him or not, whether you like statues or not. You know that they do not rip statues down anymore. I signed a law. [applause] but robert e lee won many battles in a row and was supposed to be over in one day. It was supposed to end immediately because the north was too powerful for the south. But it shows when you have leaders, when you have a great general, and robert e lee would have one except for gettysburg and that was because his General was killed. Never fight uphill. She --he heard there were going uphill but we had no cell phones in that day. He sent the horses to stop them but they fought uphill and they got slaughtered. Robert e lee, these were incredible things. I hope you appreciate that we had a. Of time -- period of time where they were ripping down all of the statues and monuments and I said to my people, four months ago, this is crazy. They started ripping down abraham lincoln. When they hit lincoln. I said, wait a minute, this is the man. They had george washington, thomas jefferson. They even hit gandhi. All that gandhi wanted was peace. I do not think they have any idea what they are doing. I think they are a bunch of thugs. [applause] but they want to watch on -- march on washington, d. c. And they wanted to rip down the statue of abraham lincoln. They can take them down legally. They can go through Congress. There is a way of doing it. But they did not want to do it that way and they were what -- marching on washington, d. c. I said do they have any laws about this. They said, no sir. The most you get is a $10 fine. He whipped done a $5 million statue. You get a $10 fine. When there restaurant they had laws. We found this old acts, if you rip down a monument in statue, you get 10 years in prison. They called at prison, not jail. [applause] I said bring that sucker up immediately to the oval office, because a lot of people are coming to washington, d. c. They were going to walk -- march on the jefferson memorial. We grow up, the jefferson memorial. They were going to march on the jefferson memorial. They were going to do damage to our beautiful jefferson memorial after thomas jefferson. A friend of mine said two years ago. You said, next will be robert e lee and george washington and thomas jefferson and robert lincoln. They never stop. The only thing they understand is strength. They do not understand weakness. There is nothing they can do. These stupid heads to these corporations that give hundreds of millions of dollars like a black male money. They give $40 million a year and they are weak, but the only thing these people understand is strength. They are anarchist. I said let me see this document. I said this is a very strong document. We had -- derek is here. I do not know where the hell derek is. He has heard this before. You are getting a very unique speech tonight, you know. [applause] unlike joe, I have not even looked at the teleprompter. Move it up. Move it up. [applause] [cheers] the poor teleprompter guy is sitting there. Two. Unlike joe, I have not looked at the teleprompter. Do you know what the worst part about him looking at the teleprompter? That means the fake news media is giving them the questions. [booing] like donna brazile, who was brilliantly hired by fox -- donna brazile was hired by cnn who cheated and she gave crooked hillary the questions to the debate. How would you like to be me? I still want the debate and they gave her all the questions. How do you do that. [applause] donna brazile is going to work for fox. That is great. Big difference between four years ago and now. A lot of things have changed. I tell you what has changed is the fact that we have more enthusiasm now that we did four years ago. [applause] but just to get back to the others. I signed that wonderful executive order instituting this really tough law. It says 10 years. It does not say you get 10 years but you can take it down to three weeks. It says 10 years. These guys just gotten up there -- a news conference. We have got many people in jail right now from before. No one even talked about taking statues down. I looked at the -- andrew jackson with the ropes. The police did a great job and Mark meadows did a great job. He is in charge. They took these guys out. The police were much tougher. They did a great job. They were watching and they were not able to do anything. Mark does said, george, it was like from 200 years ago. They charged and they beat the hell out of these guys, or you would not have that great statue on the horse. Our great General. He was a great General and he was a very good president, at least a good president, but he was a great General. The battle of new orleans, right? That was just an incredible picture. They were going to rip it down. Remember the ropes wrapped around the horse. The guy standing up there. We had all of the evidence we needed. None thank you fake news. [applause] we called the fake news. When they said, no, we said we will take it on tivo. One of the greatest inventions in history, tivo. Television is useless without it. We signed it. The same guys who were watching left, nobody showed up the next day. They were going to have 25,000 people. They had 24 people. The next day they said we were going to save it for saturday night, and saturday night nobody showed up, and nobody has shown up in four months to take on the statute. Because you know why? [applause] they look I want to take on the statue I am going to take down that statue. That said she was coming down and someone said that is 10 years in jail. They said, that is too much. I am getting out of here. 10 years is unacceptable. 10 years is a lot to rip down a statue, have a little bit of fun especially when they have no idea what they were ripping down. But we know what they are ripping down. They are ripping down greatness. They are ripping down our past. Our history. And that is where these guys begin. They take away your history. You look at the middle east, you look all over. Look what I say stand. Look what all of them do. They go down and they rip, they go down into museums and they break everything and they rip everything. They want to take away your past. They are not taking away the past of the United States of America. Not as long as I am here. [applause] do you want me to go back on teleprompter anybody? Here is a question. My poor guy must be having a fit. He is so good at this stuff. Online three. He said, sir, should I just turn the sucker off? Would you rather go teleprompter or freelance? Isn't it nice when you have the option? [applause] f joe does not have the option. If biden wins China wins and it is very simple. By contrast, I rescued the minnesota iron. I did that. Just so you know. Obama, and biden. I just go o-biden. Everyone goes no, he is in trouble. Obama is campaigning. He campaigned harder than hillary. He brings out our base. And I am only here because of him and joe. If they were a good President and vice president, I would not be here. I had a very good life before. I am doing this because they did such a crummy job. [applause] I am only here because of them. I should to be having a very beautiful life of luxury, and here I am at a hanger in minnesota with 15 or 20 or 25,000 people and thousands of people that could not get in and I am working my asked off --ass off. I could be at home having a wonderful time. [chanting] but I say this, I say this. Look, I could be home. Home was new york. I had to bail out because everything is too crazy. It is phone apart. It is so sad what the Democrats have done to our great new york between the governor and eight may our --mayor, the crime is through the roof. The corruption is incredible. It is a sad thing which has happened to new york. Hopefully it will happen by somebody. Hopefully it will do something like a rudy. It was so bad. They thought he was the guy because he was a tough guy. Somebody has to go in and clean it up. This may or let go --mayor let go of -- of police. And your people are going to do it. You have got to go out and vote for drug. You have got to break the spell from 1976. [applause] you saw kenosha. What we did for other places. You saw kenosha, and that was gone. That place was all gone. We sent in the troops. It was incredible what we did, and they did it on day three. Date three is better than two weeks later like minneapolis. And we have done a great job and the people of that great state understand it. I just hope the great people of your state understand it. We do not have too many more chances with this stuff. We do not have the luxury of sitting back and saying let's have four years of this media Vice President who treated him worse than any other person. The one person that he will not pick, by great instincts. The one person he will not take is kamala because she called him a racist. I have just been me tood, darling. What does that mean? She tried to me too him. She was the one that brought it up. He goes, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to pick -- quite a moment. None get her name down. It is like a comma. My name is kamala, like a comma. H1n1. That is right, joe. Remember that joe. How bad did he do? He is out there now today, it was pathetic. Did you see the interesting thing last night? I am competing here. You do not want to compete and say I do not want to watch my competition. It is boring. He got through it. He said chicken many times and it was a little strange. I thought it was over and he pulled it back. He can be tough. Nothing against him. Last night, he was in rare form. Thank you very much for being here, mr. None. Are you enjoying -- and compare that with my shot where they ask me about doing a with george stephanopoulos. I think it was great. Do you know what I call it? Debate prep. I call it free debate prep. It is a little nasty. I did not say are you going to change the rules. None use a teleprompter to answer. How about that though? Mr. None, I would like to know your feeling on nuclear war for -- warfare. How does that relate to China and Russia and where they are in the race? Well -- you cannot add this as good President forget about me. You cannot do this. The importance and power of this position are too great. You know, I have learned a lot as President. One thing I have learned is that President gx --i --xi of China is sharp. Everyone is the same height. It is like a pool table. And he is standing there by themselves ideas looking like he is not playing games. He is sharp as he can be. I have a great relationship, but now I feel differently. We made a great radio but now I feel differently. He is as sharp as he can be. Putin as sharp as you can be. Kim jong-un, you would have been in a war with North Korea. I asked obama, did you ever call them? He said it was the toughest problem they had. Two months ago they broke into that military zone. I said, no he is not. Do not worry about it. I got to know them very well. They said, he has a good relationship with kim jong-un. That is terrible. I said no that is good. Do you remember. It was going to be nuclear war. And I got along with him. They said, trump made a terrible deal. He has given so much to North Korea. What I give. An idiot, a reporter. He has given a lot to North Korea. What did I give? I do not know. Sanctions, sanctions. Actually I increased the sanction substantially. What did you give? What did I give? After about four days they could not answer. I gave heart because I do not want to see people killed either. [applause] I do not want to see people killed. We have the greatest weapons right now ever conceived by men. We have rebuilt our military to a level nobody thought possible. And then the fake news -- and I said that a couple of weeks ago. I said we have created the most powerful weapons known to man. It is true. We have weapons that are so advanced that President xi, putin -- we are the envy of the world but they do not know quite what we have but they know we have something they have never even heard of before. And some smoke --schmuck becker said I think he is getting away classified information. I am telling the world we have the most powerful weapons in the world. You do not want to know about it. God help us if we ever have to use them. We have the most powerful weapons ever conceived of by men. They have the missile. The superduper, hypertonic. It goes five times faster than a normal missile. Russia got that information from the obama administration. You knew that. Russia got the information that they built it. We have one that is much faster. Much faster than that. That is considered a slow missile. I said it was incredible. Two weeks ago, we have the best, most incredible, sadly the most deadly and we never went to visit but we have the greatest weapons in history by a factor of 10. They said that we are crazy. He is given away classified information. These people are sick. All that I am saying is we rebuilt our military. $2. 5 trillion. [applause] we have fighter jets at 35 that are so good you cannot see it and I went to see the program and I saw some of the pilots and these guys are better looking than tom cruise. [laughter] they are tougher, stronger, more bigger, powerful. I like tom cruise, by the way. You cannot get much better than top gun. These guys are better looking. They have got the crew cut, the crab under their eyes. They are smart as hell. I said, captain, al good is the f-35. He said, best way to we have ever had. I said out would you compare that with what Russia has. Ours is better for a specific reason sir. You cannot see it. When you fight, they cannot see us. That does not mean in three years it will not be obsolete. You come up with a new computer and two weeks later it is obsolete. That is why I do not like real estate. You have a piece of real estate. Work, work, work and then you start on the next one because the last one is gone. That is why I always talk about walls and wheels. When the Democrats are always saying walls are old-fashioned. They are right about that, but they work. That wall has gone up. We are building 10 miles a week, 10 miles a week. [applause] and our numbers on the border are the best they have ever been. The best they have ever been. We are building 10 miles of wall , roughly 300,000 miles and we will have it soon. It is having a tremendous impact on drugs, all of the different things. Human trafficking. They traffic in women. It is because of the incident. It is almost an ancient kind of crime. It is not. It is a very modern crime and it is an unbelievably profitable crime. A little bit children, but mostly women. They will go through the border. They cannot do it anymore. We are catching them. We have people that do nothing to look for traffickers. [applause] and thank heavens for Ice and thank heavens for border patrol, because these people do a job that you do not want. I know biden does not want it. She will do a commercial about it. That is what he will do. He has the longest commercials in history. I said mike galindo, mike is the single greatest purchaser of commercials in history. [laughter] I want him to buy my commercials. We spent $20 million. He spends two dollars and he has got the whole day on fox. Let mike by our commercials. I do not know what you do but you better tell us the secret. It greatest purchaser of commercials. We have done some job with that. The traffickers, the drugs are way down. We got upset with the pandemic, but I watched biden today, if only trump -- one week sooner. He was against the ban, because he did not think we had a problem. He did not know China was heavily infected. He does not even know what China is in my opinion. He wants -- was against the ban. He was against it, but now his new thing is, if only I -- one week earlier. I was earlier than everybody. I had a nice guy dr. Fauci. A lot of doctors saying you do not have to do that. Tom knows that very well. You do not have to do that, sir. You do not have to do that at all. One of those things. I was very early. Everyone admits that had I not been --banned highly infected will on province, we would have had hundreds of thousands of more deaths. Then you have the chart. We are finally getting the word across that we are doing a great job. I am doing news conferences every day. I called them the highly rated news conferences. And I know these crazy people are screaming like maniacs. That is not the way they treat sleepy joe. He would melt. This guy would be there on the floor. Get me out of here, darling. Where is my wife? They are so nasty to me today. What happened? We go through every single day. He said if only truck moved faster, but he was the one that two months later called me xenophobic and racist because I was banning China which was heavily infected and then he said do not been --ban Europe. I love italy. I love the people. They were heavily infected. I look at france. I looked at spain. They even had spikes recently. We are doing great. We are rounding it with or without and we are going to have it with but with or without we are renting that corner and they -- we are renting it faster. They want to keep this up to november 4. On november 4 the prez will say -- press will say, I got to admit, he did a dim good job --damn good job. And the other clown will be in office. We did a thing called -- transparency. It is on your medical. We did price transparency. It is the biggest thing. It is bigger than health care. You can go now to hospitals. You can price operations, price everything. It is a massive thing. The man who did it -- and I took a lot of heat. I am doing -- drugs and whatever the lowest in the world is we have to do the same. The drug companies, the doctors, everybody is angry at me. Under price transparency, the good hospitals and doctors benefit tremendously in the bedouins do not. It goes into effect on january 1. Could you imagine if this could be guy gets in and they say february, march, something, they say unbelievable what happens -- happened to prices. They will say what a job he is doing as President. Could you put into effect? It is been mature, mature, mature. The earliest I can get is january 1. You know another one? I will give you another one. Air force one -- that is the 757, but they have the 747. I think they just disrespected the people of minnesota today. Actually it is because of the runway. None landed they said, sir, we have a very short runway. I said I trust these pilots. When you fly the President of the United States [applause] he is waving from the window. When you fly the President of the united states, that you are the best flyer. They take the best air force guys, the best marines in the helicopters. When you are flying these planes, you can lead that sucker. I -- let's go around. I cannot make it, sir. They are in perfect shape. Central casting, every one of them. Thank you, fellows. I will tell you a story. [applause] air force one is a very old plane. It is an old 747, 31 years old. Other people did not want to do it, but it was time to get a new one. We are going to get a new plane. Air force one is actually two planes. They get to. It is a hell of a way to travel. One is not working perfectly, is the other one. They get two. Air force one negotiated a price they had it down for $5. 7 billion. It was done by the obama administration. And that is ok. No administration wanted to do it but it sounds luxury. At some point you have got to buy a plane for the country. These countries would have their beautiful war -- beautiful 747, 800's, 900s. The new plane is a much bigger plane. Much bigger wingspan, much more beautiful plane. It is modern. 31 years old. Air force one is 31 years old. The big 1, 31 years old. You are representing the country, but they did not want to do it because they chose luxury. I said whatever happened to air force one. Sir, we made a deal for a new one under the obama administration. How much? $5. 7 billion. That is a lot of money for two planes. I will not talk about it because I do not want to give away any classified information. Just trust me. It is the most sophisticated sucker you have ever seen in your life. Think of getting into a plane because $5. 7 billion. I said, how much is it, 5. 7. A General came in, air force General. Great guy. I of God. They are also good looking. Sir, what is the price. $5. 7 million. Can you sign it? Sounds like a lot of money, 5. 7 one million for two airplanes. Can't we get a better price? No, sir. This was negotiated by the obama administration. This was negotiated by barack hussein obama. I said, that is good. Sounds very high. Do not go anywhere. We are not taking the plane. It is too much. This is one of many stories. Isn't this better? Please remember I did this too, and I could do away with the stuff, but i'd this -- but I did this too. I have this list of incredible things. I am tired of repeating what I have done for all of these different states. I did all of this stuff and I hear I am not down. [applause] I do not hear it by the way. I said, general, 5. 7 billion, not one million. That sounds very high to be General. I have bought a lot of planes in my life and a lot of helicopters. How good can you be? Sir, it is the best way we can get. I said cancel it, General. Cancel the order. Yes, sir. I said, do you have the right to cancel? Quite yes, sir. I am pleased to tell you something, sir. You made a great deal sir. I said you have a breakup fee. You do not have to pay up makeup free. -- breakup fee. Sir, we can break it up for $250 million. So you mean to tell me to cancel the order costs $250 million. We get the $250 million. We get nothing. Do not cancel the order. Just tell them I am very unhappy. These guys are good businessmen. They might be better than you. I do not know. She may be the next governor. Mike lindell, you should run. He has my complete and total endorsement. He would be a hell of a governor. Minnesota would welcome it. Mike, run for governor please. He says $250 million. Sir, I am so proud of that. I said you may be proud of but I am not. I do not want to write a check for 250 and get nothing. I do not think I can explain that to the American public. Tell them we are very happy -- very unhappy. I spoke to the head of billing. They had rough time since then. A couple of better things. This is early on before the problems they had. He is a high quality guy. I said to them, dennis, we have to start it -- it is got to have a three on the front of it. I just know 547 and I have to do something with the three. He said I can bring it down to $5. 5 million. I save $200 million and eight minute -- 1. 5 minute phone call. We have to think about canceling it. I cannot go in an airbus. I have got to go to the competitor. I will buy the air force one from a european country. That does not work too well. My only option was I did not want it. Put it aside. She called me up. We can do a little bit better. It has to have a three and front of it. A. A3 anything, but it has to have a three in front of it. He said no, no, no. After -- months we send contract for $3. 9 million. Slightly better. We got an extra generator. And then boeing came to me. I love to negotiate. I do. I got that from my father. My father was a good negotiator. They came to me. Sir, we can put an extra stairway. This is a big 747. A much bigger than the 747. Sir, it gets very windy up there. I noticed your air is blowing all over the place. We could buy a stairwell for the blame -- pain --plane. It opens up and if it is raining or windy, you are covered sir because it is under the plane. You are totally sheltered. I said that is great. It is a corkscrew stairwell. I said, how much is that General? I said 50, what a deal. For $50,000, I can get a stairwell. No sir, $50 million. I said forget about the stairwell. I thought he meant $50,000. These are just some little stories. I guess I must like minnesota to go on one of these deals. [applause] you get your money's worth tonight. Is anybody having a bad time? Did you get your money's worth? You have the other one. We have built up the military bigger and better at it we are the number one in history and regulation cuts, which is the biggest thing, and the judges -- like nobody is ever done. Nobody has done more in 3. 5 years, no administration. 3. 5 years. Nobody even comes close. We have been saying it for a long time. And the fake news -- nobody even questioned me about it. They cannot question me. We took care of our vets. We just got a 91% approval rating from the vets. [applause] we got choice approved, accountability approved. Drugs are way down. We have a setback -- the shutdowns cause a lot of problems with drugs a lot of everything, but drugs were way down. With the best history -- when the best year and then three of our country. We will have a better year coming up. You have an obligation to vote for the guy that got you there. [applause] and[-- chanting] I really appreciate this. Thank you. Nine Democrat mayors of cities in the iron range cap endorsed me over sleepy joe. [applause] what do you like better, sleepy joe or slow joe? Did we do a poll? They charge you a fortune for this stuff. They interviewed three people and then they charge you $1 million. We had to do 233 people. What do you like better as a nickname? Slow joe or sleepy joe? Slow joe first? Just scream if you like it. Slow joe or sleepy joe? Slow joe? [applause] I think we are going to have a winner. Sleepy joe? [applause] a lot of people say I am too nice to sleepy joe. He is a sleepy guy. But biden is going to shut down your iron range. It was not just the tariffs they put on your competitors that were dumping iron ore and steel like everything in our country like it was garbage. It was not that. When you think of it, they rode it out. Someone say he got a bid because he was good negotiating with these other countries. It was not that. I opened it up. I signed an executive order because obama took your iron range and biden took your iron range away, and I will never forget. The day I did it and tom was there. A man -- he came up to me and he was a rough guy and he never cried in his life including at childbirth. He was crying and he said sir, you gave our life back to us, because obama took our heart out. [applause] you gave our heart back. It is true. I just want to thank those cities. When a Democrat mayor -- these are Democrat politicians -- two weeks ago they endorsed us. Democrats for drug. Politicians the got elected as Democrats. I do nothing to change their party affiliation but they endorsed drunk. They are all in the iron range. Where is it larry? Larry, how are you? Why did you do that? That is so nice. I appreciate it. I wish you had amic --a mic. He said because you were the best candidate we could ever hope for. [applause] thank you, larry. That is beautiful. We will do a good job. Dig and dig and dig we must. It is all gone because of me. Thank you. He signed an executive order just shutting it down and I hear get is the best iron ore in the world. It is an unlimited amount. This is a massive operation with thousands of people and everything else and for me it was very easy. Andrea, where is andrea? Thank you very much. That is very nice. I am glad you got a good location. I appreciate it very much. Your old friends, chris reeland. Where is chris, the mayor? Thank you, chris. Thank you very much. Kathy brandow. I hope you are having a good time tonight. That sucker is open. We are not closing it. If biden gets in, it is closed. He said he is going to close it. How about this guy? No fracking. The states with all of these crazy people and they do not want any energy. They think everything is going to run by wind, which cost you a fortune and does not work. All of these people and they say what about fracking. Fracking is a modern technology. Everyone is against fracking. What about you? She is against it for months. --he is against it for months. Now he is in support of it. None have it or not have it. He wants to grandfather fracking. Always go with their first statement. I was in texas two weeks ago. We had crowds. We had crowds that went from the airplane to the well, to the drilling welt where we went to see a well, and we save the industry because I got Russia and saudi arabia to come back 10 million barrels. And ended up being 18. 5 million barrels edit save the industry and yet you are paying very low prices at the pump we saved 10 million jobs. Texas appreciated it. That industry was in deep trouble. With the pandemic, there was no demand. There was nobody driving. So I am in texas, and I said to the crowd -- it was a great crowd. We had 100,000 people on the highways and roadways waving. The most beautiful flags and me and our great Vice President. Is Vice President Pence doing a great job? [applause] she works 29 hours --he she works 29 hours a day. He works 24 plus. He is a wonderful human being. When they try again like biden that cannot carry his jockstrap. When biden goes they should have closed one week earlier, and here is a guide that said I made a mistake that nothing is going to happen. It is so phony. This politics is a very phony business. I have not been doing it long. I told one of the centers that came in, he said, sir, I have been doing this for many years. I have one of many elections. I have only lost twice in my life. I said I know what i'm doing. And I said yeah, I have done it for four years and I have only 11 election, but it is for President of the United States. [applause] I remember a certain man on television that did not like me too much. He said they put together the greatest field ever assembled. They put together the greatest field of talent ever assembled. I hear trump won's to come in. She is not going to do it. He is just doing it for fun and he will be out by september and then he will go back leading his life but he is not going to do it. We do not really need him because this is the greatest single assemblage of talent ever assembled for one party. The greatest talent we have ever seen and then I did it. Week after week, one out, three out, four out, and then he said he cannot do it because he does not have any experience. It is certain way, I had a lot of experience. Maybe too much experience. Maybe I can tell you about aoc. Check out omar. The new york times won all of these pulitzer prizes. All of these pulitzer prizes. These people, and they all got it wrong. They got russia, russia, Russia. I will not use names. I will not use names. We gave the pulitzer prize to the new york times. They got it wrong. We give the new york times to the washington post and all of these real sleaze bags. Very dishonest people. Very dishonest. I call that the amazon washington post. He uses that as his lobbyist. He gets groep other people --crap other people get. They got the pulitzer prize. They all got it wrong. Totally wrong, and they should return the pulitzer prize. And the pulitzer association, the committee should ask for those prizes back. They got it all wrong. They were 100% wrong. There was no collusion. Remember the day it was announced after three days there was no collusion. I could have told them that on day one. They could have saved $48 million. [applause] and then you take guys -- so many, derek carter, longino -- so many, so talented guys. How about that great gentleman who wrote the witchhunt. These people should have one the pulitzer prize. Sean hannity, lou dobbs, two girls in. These guys all got it -- tucker carlsen. All they did was get a lot of money. They should give the pulitzer prize to all of the people who got it right. [applause] all of those writers, they should do that. Just to finish up, I want to just say we have great Congressman here. I would love you guys to come up here. Would you come up? [applause] I told them -- they are piggy guys but they are big warriors and all of that -- busy guys, but they are big warriors and all of that. They have been waiting for one hour and 20 minutes. I just walked to the end. Everyone sign is that you are voting for them. You have members of Congress here. Great hockey player. Hopefully, your next u. s. Senator, jason lewis. [applause] and a candidate for congress, michelle fishback who was supposed to be fantastic and michelle has mike complete and total endorsement. Adjacent, you are in good shape. You are in better shape than these congressmen. By the way, jason is fantastic. Where is michelle? Be careful. It is not what the broken leg. She is a warrior. I can tell. Come on up. Thanks, michelle. They have my complete endorsement. They are great people. They love your state, that our country. In conclusion, I want to say over the next four years we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. [applause] we will make our medical supplies right here in the United States. [applause] and you probably heard me today. It used to be puerto rico. Tremendous dollars in medical supplies and what happened, they made a lot. Obama ivan biden destroyed it. He took away the incentive, all of the taxes and they took away the incentive. We will get some of that back to puerto rico and take it away from China. [applause] they took it away. And then people automatically vote. It is like a habit. I vote for the Democrat. Al bad were the Democrats to israel. We did jerusalem, right? We broke up the Iran deal. But then they vote for a Democrat. We are breaking those habits very quickly. We have helped puerto rico and we have really helped if you look at what we have done for israel. They state nobody has done more. -- say nobody has done more. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assault on law enforcement and been -- be an sanctuary cities --ban sanctuary cities. We will nominate judges to interpret the constitution as it exists. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion, and greed. We will defend the dignity of work at the sanctity of life. [applause] and that is why the supreme court is so important. The next President will get one, two, three, or four supreme court justices. Many presidents have had none, because they are there for a long time. They tend to be appointed young. The next one will have anywhere from one to four. That will totally change when you talk about life, second amendment, when you talk about things that are so important to you. You were going to be stuck for 30 years, 45 years. This is going to be the most important election in the history of our country. Because if you do not get it right, we will not have a country anymore. You will not have a country anymore, not as we know it. You will not have a country anymore. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. [applause] we will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of these ridiculous, horrible, endless foreign wars, countries you have never heard of. [applause] we will maintain america's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. That is what we have now. [applause] remember what I told you about those weapons we do not want to use ever. We do not want to use those weapons. We will end surprised medical billing, require price transparency january 4. He does not even have to do anything. I will be so angry -- they will say what a job she has done on transparency and he will not even know what transparency is. [laughter] further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs. We will strongly protect medicare and social security and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, right? [applause] America will land at the first woman on the moon at the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars [applause] [applause]. And we brought nessa back. When I got in 3. 5 years ago, grass was growing through the cracks of the runway. It was over. It was closed. It was nothing. Now it is the number one space center in the entire world by a factor of five. [applause] we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and to restore patriotic education to our students. [applause] we will teach our children to love our country and always respect our great American flag. [applause] and we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, into God we trust -- in God we trust. The democratic national convention and the pledge of allegiance at a caucus, two of them, not one. Either the first one. They left under then they said we did not mean that, I said that is what they're going to do. They're going to take got out of it just like I was saying before in texas, they do not want god, they do not want oil, they do not will guns. I do not think they will do too well in texas. I do not think they will do too well in minnesota either. [applause] could you imagine you are campaigning -- can you imagine you're in texas and you have a guy that says no oil, no god, no guns. And then they say texas is in play, it is a very -- i've a friend in texas he says he thinks people and by 15 points, these people are crazy. Texas is an -- in play. That is the fake news back there, they said it last time, too, remember? When they say in play that means it is too close to call, it is in play, to close. Too close to call and they say -- texas is in play, this could be a terrible defeat for texas. This could be a tremendous defeat and they said it about ohio too. Utah's employee, we won by a lot, remember we beat a guy named mcmuffin, remember? He was going to take the state of utah and then he was going to negotiate, even hillary beauchamp -- beat him. They say texas is in play and I go around and tell my people taxes and the play -- is in play, how the hell? My people would say I do not think so and we had a big texas rancher, he was wearing a big hat, I wish I could wear those hats. It does not work for me but it worked for him and he said I do not know too much about a lot, but I know one thing, texas is not in play. This guy is going to win texas by a hell of a lot of votes and that is what happened. That night, the night of the election, they called the results. I had been listening for six months, texas is so close, this is big, and they only called the election immediately if you win in a land like -- landslide. They say texas has closed its doors, ladies and gentlemen, Donald Trump has won the state of texas. They did not even say the polls were closed. I told my people how could I have one, it was so close they called it before the doors were closed. I heard from greg abbott he said -- how are we doing compared to four years ago? He said sir, you are doing much better. These guys keep saying it is in play, it is the same way I am down in minnesota, if I lose minnesota I am going to blame jason if I lose minnesota. [laughter] we almost had a last time, but we did the right team -- thing, we won michigan. For years you had a President who apologized for America and now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for minnesota. [applause] so get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers and get out and vote. [applause] that is why I am here, it started today. If they are closed, what time is it? [laughter] you know people were here two days ago trying to get in, it is crazy, do the same thing at the voting booth, please. [applause] from st. Paul to st. Cloud, from rochester to duluth, and from minneapolis -- thank God we still have minneapolis. Right here with all of you great people, this state was pioneered by men and women who braved the wilderness and the winters to old a better life for themselves and their families. They were tough and they were strong. You have good genes you know that, right? [applause] a lot of it is about the genes. You have good genes in minnesota. They did not have a lot of money, not a lot of luxury, but they had to grit, they had faith and they had each other. That is what you have now, each other. They were miners and lumberjacks, fishermen and farmers, shipbuilders and shopkeepers, but they all had one thing in common, they loved their families, they love their countries, and they loved their God. [applause] proud citizens like you helped to build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you the American people with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. [applause] and do not forget you went through years when you are not winning, years and years, they closed down when obama he closed that down. I think he wanted to get even with you. It is not good. We talk about 84% of the things he did and you say I wonder if he likes me? [laughter] you're getting used to winning and you're going to see winning like you have never seen before. You're going to win so much, you have heard this, i've not set in a long time because we have been doing a lot of winning. You are going to win so much and you're going to send jason to the u. s. Senate. [applause] and you were going to keep winning and winning and winning, you're going to win on the military, you're going to win on everything you touch. Minnesota is going to keep on winning and you will get tired of waiting, because minnesota does not went -- wants to win all the time. We are going to keep on winning in minnesota and you are going to get so tired and you're going to say jason, please go to the President and see him in the oval office, stop them from winning, we are winning too much in minnesota, we cannot stand it. Please, jason, stop him from winning so much for minnesota, we cannot take it, we are not used to it because we went through years and years and years where it was tough, right? The mayors know that is why they all endorse the President. I'm going to look at jason and said no, I am sorry, the people of minnesota want to win. You are wrong jason, they wants to win. We are going to keep on going and keep on winning and they are going to be happy as well, jason. By the way, you have a Senator he is running against, she does not -- nothing, nothing. Nobody knows who she is, she goes to a meeting and everyone is trying to figure out who she is. This guy, he even looks the role, central test -- casting. He is going to be fantastic, successful and you love your state and our country. Jason, please. [applause] we are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of minnesota, and you know what is going to be at strength because i'd owe these incredible mayors who are so nice to me, and it is happening with so many other things. We have so many other endorsements from police forces and I never asked, they are coming from very hostile territory. I just appreciate you being here and i'm saying this for you and all of you, thank you. We will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again.