ID: CSPANDT281202033
Title: President Trump Rally in Wildwood, New Jersey
Date: 2020-01-28

You are right. [laughter] but I am sorry to say you are also prophetic. And I think, I couldn't say it better myself so I won't. You know what the right answer is in your heart. You know what the right answer is for our country. You know what the right answer is for the American people. What they are asking you to do, is to throw out a successful President on the eve of an election with no basis and in violation of the constitution. It would dangerously change our country and weaken , we can forever all of our democratic institutions. You all know that is not in the interest of the American people. Why not trust the American people with this decision. Right tear up their ballots? Why tear up every ballot across this country? You can't do that. You know you can't do that. So I ask you to defend our constitution. To defend fundamental fairness. To defend basic due process rights. But most importantly, most importantly, to respect and defend the sacred right of every American to vote and to choose their President. The election is only months away, the American people are entitled to choose their President. Overturning the last election, and massively interfering with the upcoming one, would cause serious and lasting damage to the people of the United States into our great country. The senate cannot allow this to happen. It is time for this to end, here and now. We urge the senate to reject these articles of impeachment for all the reasons we have given you. You know them all, I don't need to repeat them. They have repeatedly said, over and over again, quote from benjamin franklin. It's a republic, if you can keep it. And every time I heard it, I said to myself it's a republic if they let us keep it. And I have every confidence, every confidence. That is Pat cipollone the president's lawyer the President is now in wildwood new jersey is with jeff andrew in a campaign stop right now he's in iowa on thursday. We saw earlier governor chris christie is in the audience. Live coverage is then our 2020 coverage for our audience hears the President of the United States live in new jersey. [cheering] [cheering] (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) i'm proud to be an American (music) (music) where at least I know i'm free (music) (music) [cheering] [cheering] (music) (music) there ain't no doubt I love this land (music) (music) God bless the usa. [cheering] (music) (music) and I gladly stand up next to you (music) (music) there ain't no doubt I love this land (music) (music) God bless the usa. [cheering] [cheering] usa. Usa. Usa. Usa. Usa. [cheering] [cheering] I love new jersey and i'm thrilled to be back. [cheering] together we are achieving historic victories for new jersey families you see every single day. The new jersey unemployment rate has reached the lowest of all times. [cheering] more people are working today in the state of new jersey, than ever before. [cheering] and I have to tell you, more people, almost 160 million are working right now in the United States. That is the highest level of employment in the history of our country. [cheering] and a lot of countries are not doing so well, just so you understand. Tomorrow we will replace the nafta nightmare. One of the worst trade deals in the history with the incredible brand-new u. s. Mexico canada agreement the usmca. A massive win for new jersey workers, new jersey farmers, new jersey union people, new jersey manufacturers and everybody. [cheering] and weeks ago, we also signed a fantastic new trade agreement with China. That will boost new jersey exports and defend new jersey jobs. $250billion coming and it's going to be so great. [cheering] and we are restoring america's industrial might like never before. They are all coming back. They want to be where the action is. [cheering] after years of devastating defense cuts, we have fully rebuilt the United States military. [cheering] usa. Usa. Usa. Usa. And thanks to the incredible courage of our warriors, the greatest warriors in the world. That Isis has been totally destroyed and it's a founder and leader al-baghdadi is dead. [cheering] [cheering] usa. Usa. Usa. Usa. Usa. Weeks ago, at my direction, the u. s. Military launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's number one terrorist, qassem soleimani. [cheering] and soleimani was responsible for murdering and boning thousands of americans and actively planning new attacks, but we stopped him cold. [cheering] yet washington Democrats like crazy bernie sanders, and nervous nancy Pelosi. [booing] they opposed our actions to save American lives. They opposed it. They opposed it. You know the roadside bombs that you see hurting our people, and lots of other people so badly. The legs, the arms, wiped out. No legs and no arms. Soleimani loved that. That was his weapon of choice. We did not like him. [booing] he is not around anymore. [cheering] while we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, the congressional Democrats are obsessed with demented hoaxes, crazy witchhunts and raise partisan crusades. [booing] that is all they know how to do, the do-nothing Democrats. [booing] they have spent the last three years, and probably even before I came down on that beautiful escalator with our beautiful first lady. Trying to overthrow the last election, and we will make sure that they face another crushing defeat we are going to have a victory that is greater than 2016. [cheering] this november, we are going to win back the house. We are going to hold the senates, and we are going to keep the white house. [cheering] [cheering] usa. Usa. Usa. [cheering] of the American people are disgusted by the washington Democrats , you say it, you say it which is worse? The impeachment hoax or the witchhunts from Russia? [booing] but we are going to be signing up millions and millions of registered independents, Democrat voters, and today, I had the best pole that I have ever had since being elected. [cheering] the best we have ever had. Remember I used to go over polls? But I only used to talk about them when is doing well. We had our best one. Americans of all political beliefs are sick and tired of the radical rage of failed leftist socialist , I never saw what's going on in this country. What's going on in this country , the democrat, the Democrat party is the socialist party and maybe worse. Voters are making a mass exodus from that party and we are welcoming them to the republican party with wide open arms. [cheering] [applause] the republican party is doing great. We are privileged to be joined tonight by a courageous leader who left the Democrat party because he has had enough of their extremism. And not for their socialism. And enough of their vile hoaxes and scams. He has had enough. I will tell you, he really is he's a braised guy. He said I am not doing it, I am not doing it. It's a hoax, it's a scam, i'm not doing it. And we called them is that you are kinda guy, let's go. It didn't take much because he believes like we do. We are truly honored to be here with the newest republican member of the house of representatives, your great Congressman jeff van drew. [cheering] [cheering] have to tell you a few weeks ago he was one of the brave Democrat lawmakers, and all fairness we have been after him for a long time who stood up to the house Democrats and the outrageous abuse of power the sea going on right now. They can't win an election, so they are trying to steal an election. It is not happening folks. It is not happening. And jeff had the guts to leave the left wing fanatics with his party and stand tall, and defense of our constitution, our freedom in our democracy itself. And I just want to , I have to tell you i've gotten to know i'm really well over the last couple of weeks. He's a great guy, he's a brave guy, he shares our values. He supports lower taxes, headed to get elected without one? Less regulation, a strong national defense. He loves our military, loves our vets and police, and he is a tireless champion for the state of new jersey. He loves your second amendment which is under siege by the Democrats. [cheering] jeff, it is an honor to be with you. Please. [cheering] [applause] how about having the President right here in south jersey? What a great day. [cheering] now I heard the folks in this room can make more noise, and more applause than anywhere in the world. So we're going to do one more time for this man right here. [cheering] [applause] [cheering] [applause] now when I was in the white house, with the president, he asked how he could help me. I asked if he could come down to south jersey, and have a rally. Without even hesitating, our President said yes, and he is here, a man who kept his word to ensure. [cheering] to ensure that the eyes of the world are on south jersey and all of us. [cheering] the usa, is a great nation, the greatest nation of civilization has ever known. Do we want to keep it that way? [cheering] it's a nation, and nation and the people of great exceptionalism. Do we want to keep it that way? [cheering] our President has made it clear, by restoring our military, protecting our economy, and by not allowing any other nation to ever take advantage of us again. Do we want to keep it that way? [cheering] this year, this year, this very year, as a flashpoint election. Our we going to allow ourselves to be like any other relation in the world? Or are we going to keep America great? [cheering] I say to all of you, may God bless south jersey, may God bless our president, and may God bless the United States of America. [cheering] [applause] [cheering] usa. Usa. Usa. Usa. We have tens of thousands of people outside, if anybody would like to give them your place, please let us know. [cheering] that we have ten thousands and thousands, tens of thousands and jeff gave me a number hundreds 75000 people showed up. Is that a fact? It is been a little bit of a story you see the papers back there, fake news. [booing] [booing] you know, there's another candidate , if another candidate has a thousand people they say he spoke to a massive crowd. If they have 10000 like pocahontas when into central park in new york, and this young man in the front row could have 10000 people you know that. In central park. She had 10000 people like in central park? And I said what's the big deal she said the crowds were so large a subject's said he has a hundred and 75000 people here. [cheering] and seriously, you have to see outside. You know because they have to follow them with the trailers. But they are fake. They're fake. They are not honest. None tell you. [booing] [booing] so we have this massive crowds of phillips stadiums every single time. We have tens of thousands of people outside, they never mention it. They never mentioned it. So maybe they will tonight. But that's an all-time record, and this is not a brand-new place. Unfortunately it holds 10000 people or less, and we set the all-time record. You know why? Because the game, the floors packed with people. You play Ice hockey or basketball. So we broke the all-time record of this house and it's a wonderful house and a wonderful place. [cheering] also, in wildwood, we are in the middle of winter. There is nobody in the middle of winter. It's a great place in the summer. Those streets are packed all the way back to the airplane practically. [cheering] but on june 2, everybody has to do us all a favor. Number one you have to get out and vote republican. Get rid of these clowns. [cheering] and you have to get out and vote for really brave man, was incredible. Jeff van drew. What he did was incredible. Get out and vote. You're going to have a big victory. He is going to have a big victory. And we are grateful to have with us this evening, some wonderful friends of mine. People i've known forever. Your former governor who did a terrific job chris christie. [cheering] great job chris. Your wonderful republican state chairman doug steinhardt. What a job he is doing, thank you doug. My campaigns to great new jersey cochairs and they all say republicans can't win, tell me why? They said should you move to this meadowlands I said no I want to be in south jersey, we want to be with her friends. [cheering] but we could have filled up the meadowlands arena two or three times. Maybe we will do it during the summer. Should we do it during the summer? [cheering] but to brave guys, two great politicians, people who love our state, state senators mike testa and joe nuccio. Thank you so much guys. Thank you. Into incredible new jersey natives, you have never heard of kellyanne conway have you? [cheering] and bill's appian. [cheering] [cheering] and I love you back. None, I think south jersey is trumped country. [cheering] mr. President thank you for all you have done to add respect and resources to our military, to our great veterans. Have the best economy in the world, to new trade deals, two supreme court justices, that's two terms. [cheering] [cheering] south jersey is my home, Donald Trump is my President milani at tromp is my first lady. Life is great everyone, God bless you. [cheering] thank you kellyanne. So I just want to thank republicans, because what they have been doing is incredible. Republican leadership in this country, we are winning like never before. We are winning again and we have a party that is a very different party a much stronger party much more inclusive party, we have a party that we love. We have a party that has the votes, we have a party like they have never had before. The republican party is respected again. [cheering] and I have to say this, America is winning again, and America is thriving again like never before. So since the election we have created 7 million new jobs. The average unemployment rate under my administration is lower than any previous administration, listen to this one, and United States history. [cheering] that's a good fact. The lowest in history. [cheering] four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. Four more years. We are doing good for the veterans I have them appear saying we love you we love you. African-american, hispanic americans, asian American unemployment rates reached the lowest level ever recorded in the history of our country ever recorded. [cheering] women's unemployment is at a 65 year low, sorry about that, soon it's going to be historic. Another couple of good months it will be historic. Sixty-five years for women. In the eight years before he took office, over 300,000 working age people left the workforce. They had no choice. In just three years, of my administration, 3. 5 million people have joined the workforce. Nobody believes it including the fake news. [cheering] if I would've said that during the campaign, that we were going to protas numbers like this, the fake news waited been hitting me. He's exaggerating, he's lying. Pinocchio, pinocchio. [booing] the press is very dishonest. More than 2 million millennial's have gotten jobs and their wages have grown by nearly 5% every year, which is a record. A record number of americans between the ages of 25 and 34 are now working another record. Under the tromp economy, the lowest paid earners are reaping the fastest gains of anybody. You don't hear that because this is a blue-collar boom. [cheering] it's about time, it's about time. It's been many, many decades. Earning for the bottom 10% are rising faster than earnings for the top 10%. First time ever. Since my election, the net worth of the bottom half of wage earners has increased, listen to this, by 47%, three times faster than the increase for the top 1%. [cheering] median household income is at an all-time high for President bush in eight years it was $450 over eight years. Think of this for second period under President barack hussein obama. [booing] for eight years, it was a $975. So eight years, eight years 450, 975. Under your favorite president,. [cheering] and when you include the tax cuts, the regulation cuts that nobody's ever cut taxes like this. And nobody's ever cut regulations, that's why all these jobs are being filled. Under President trump, for three years, the number is almost $10000. And that's just in three years. It's going up. [cheering] that's very different. New business applications in new jersey has just soared to a record high. [cheering] and we have lifted 10 million people nationwide off of federal welfare. They are off federal welfare. Nobody would believe these numbers. Some days they will write the true story. Our child tax credit alone is delivering $2200 a year to 40 million American families. And we have ended, so importantly for you, the war on American energy, the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world. [cheering] [cheering] we don't need anybody else's energy anymore. That is so nice. [cheering] what happened in the last three years with energy is incredible. But extreme liberals in washington want to shut down u. s. Energy, including through the so-called green new deal. [booing] because your factories, get rid of your cows, you don't have too many cows in wildwood, but they are gone. We will never sacrifice america's energy independence, it took us a long time to get there and we really picked it up over the last three years. What we have done is incredible. Pipelines oliver, pipe lines are good they are underground and environmentally sound. To lift up forgotten communities that need investments, these are the communities that really have suffered. Week created with the help of a great gentleman from the state of south carolina, you know i'm talking about? Kim scott? Write Senator tim scott. He is an incredible guy. He really is. He came to my office and said he had this idea that he's wanted to do for a long time. Senator tim scott, opportunities and jobs and investments are now pouring into nearly 170 newly designated opportunity zones right here in new jersey. All over the united states, billions and billions and billions of dollars and not government dollars. They are flowing into the opportunity zones and into areas where investment was dead. [cheering] and for decades, politicians ran for office promising to protect American workers. But then they went to washington and they lined their pockets with special interest cash and they shipped American jobs and dreams to other countries. They closed up your factories. [booing] they got rid of your jobs, they didn't have to pay taxes. Global politicians lowered our economic defenses that allowed other nations to rob our factories, steal our farms, and ransack our communities. Not anymore. [cheering] not anymore because we are defenseless no more because at long last, you have a President who puts America first. Is that okay? [cheering] collapse. [cheering] the United States , listen to this number, and if it was wrong the fake news of the oliver. And i've been saying it for three years. The United States lost 60000 factory plants , you wouldn't think that's possible because a stupid trade deals. Because of bad leadership, during the 16 years of the two prior administrations under just three years of my administration has now added 12000 new factories and many more are being built and they are pouring back into the United States because that is where the action is. That's where they want to be. They are pouring back into our country. New plants and factories, you see them all over. I passed two of them, brand-new beautiful plants and factories. They are pouring back in because this is where the action is in its where they want to be. I see the leaders in they say it's incredible what happened to your country. Don't say that we want you to have your companies build your plants in new jersey and other places, and that's what's happened. [applause] the washington Democrats thoroughly went against the American people with the issue of immigration. Left weighing, radical politician support deadly sanctuary cities. [booing] and remember sanctuary city is a jurisdiction that refuses to hand over criminal aliens that are in local law enforcement custody. Instead they ordered them to be released into your community. What in the hell is going on? What is going on? [booing] and what set loose these criminal aliens they are freed to go against their crime spree against innocent americans. Right here in new jersey, your state's democratic leaders have instituted sanctuary policies that result in dangerous predators being set free into your community. [booing] for example, cumberland county, we all know cumberland county very well, good luck with this one. They released in illegal alien with multiple chargers for sexual assault of a child. He is now at large, free to search for a nether innocent victim. They did not want to give them to ice, and I want to thank Ice because of the abuse they take an incredible job they do. [cheering] right here, another criminal alien was arrested for a violence assault in new jersey , the sanctuary jurisdiction of another county defied Ice request to detain him. Local authorities released him and he went on to commit a gruesome triple murder. [booing] I could read these cases, honestly, I could read in state these kat cases to you all night. I can state these cases to all nights. No American should ever be hurt, harms, or killed because left-wing politicians, Democrats decided to shield and shelter criminals. Look, you have criminals that are on the streets that should be in jail. You have criminals that are on the streets that should be taken the hell out of our country and brought back to where they came from. [cheering] [applause] [cheering] and by the way, Ice has removed thousands upon thousands of ms 13 yang members. The most brutal people. And you don't want to do that job. Maybe you do, there's a couple of tough people at there. Anybody want to be with Ice? There is a lot of tough people in new jersey. New jersey's different. [cheering] these Ice people, they love our country, they are proud and tough people. They will go right into a pack, they caught a pack, they start swaying in, everybody's swinging in and of standing up and that's the end of that. And you know what they do? The bring the ms 13 and many other yang members back to on honduras, back to guatemala, back to mexico. And I want to think of mexico because , you know it's happening, thousands and thousands at this moment 27000 soldiers from mexico protecting our southern border. [cheering] I want to thank the presidents. Democrats said for crime, corruption, and chaos. Republicans stand for a law, order, and justice. In sales you want, but those are the facts. [cheering] and we are removing these illegal criminals and yang members. We are literally taking them by thousands and thousands and bringing them back. Thanks for tireless efforts of border patrol to secure our border, we have reduced illegal border crossings seven straight months in a row. We have the numbers down by 75% since spring. [cheering] 75%. [cheering] send them home. Is send them home. Send them home. Send them home. [cheering] and we have ended tax relief and let there's another party I could get anything. If I wanted to spend money on anything look with the military got true trillion dollars. All made in America. They're the best planes, best missiles best everything. Made in America. If I wanted to do anything, the only thing they put the whole weight of the parties they did not want to salve the wall. They voted five years ago to build the wall. They did know how to build it and I do. [cheering] what happened is there's a series of court cases and other things, the money is one, and we are now building that beautiful wall. [cheering] and this powerful border wall is going up in record speed and we just reached over 100 miles of wall. And by next year we will be over 400 miles, and shortly thereafter it will be complete. [cheering] a lot of people are saying he didn't build the wall, he didn't build a wall. When you have the strength of a party that has the house, hopefully they are going to have the house for long. [cheering] they will have a wonderful new speaker. We will get rid of nancy Pelosi. [cheering] nervous nancy. Nervous nancy. We'll have kevin mccarthy has been fantastic. We have to win back the house. The wall , it's not easy when you have the weight of an entire party and they control the house. It's not easy. And we did it. And frankly we were building the wall to the help of the military, the army corps of engineers anyway. But now we actually have the money and it is going up very rapidly. [cheering] and all the respect to mexico he got along with them very well. He is a friend of mine and it's a tough situation but he's doing a fantastic job. That mexico is in fact, soon you will find out, paying for the wall. [cheering] i'll hit you with that. The wall is ultimately in very nicely being paid for by mexico. And it's an advantage for mexico to if you think about it. The wall is a vital barrier for blocking deadly drugs from pouring into these communities. What we're doing is stopping drugs at a record number. Still anything that comes offers too much. We are blocking it at a record number and i'm also very proud to report that we won a critical supreme court victory yesterday on immigration. : they were killing our country perk out killing our country perk a washington Democrats have never been more extreme than they are right now. These people are crazy. They take their cues from socialist like bernie they are pushing a government takeover of healthcare to strip 180 million americans of their private healthcare plans which many people like. The plan that every democratic candidate would demolish the economy of new jersey at some of the best and most innovative healthcare employment companies and people are getting great healthcare it has been so long it is :-) working and they want to destroy it. The republican party will never let it happen. We are saving your healthcare while Democrats try to take away your healthcare. Take away your doctors. Take away all of the good care and we fought hard and now we are doing better. By the way some time prior to the end of the year we will have a new middle income tax cut. A very big one. [cheers and applause] that we are making healthcare better and much cheaper we've done a great job to run it and we've given you a lot of alternatives. We are protecting people with pre-existing conditions and we always will. [applause] pre-existing conditions. We saved it. We are stopping surprise medical billing and making everything transparent that is a big deal. That is starting in about two months from now. You can see pricing you can price other hospitals and other doctors it will be incredible. Nobody believes I was able to do it but we did it. [cheers and applause] we are defending your right to keep your doctor and the plan of your choice we are lowering drug prices the Democrats are increasing drug prices. We are fighting the lobbyist and special interests and how are we doing? We are doing good. [cheers and applause] but because of price transparency we are getting it done we are approving more generic drugs than ever before in the history of our country they come in frankly just as big as the big names but sell 80 percent less in some cases we are unleashing innovation for diseases of all times and cutting out the rich middleman and delivering prescription drugs directly to the consumers these are things we had to fight like hell to get. [applause] less paperwork for your doctors and giving you easy control of your medical records which is a big deal for a lot of people. We are prohibiting hospitals from hiding prices and charging hidden cost you say i'm feeling better than the doctor send you a bill for 25000. That's the end of that. Now the doctor wasn't so good. We are making companies compete for your business. We are repealing burdensome taxes. We have accomplished more than any President in the first three years of their term. [cheers and applause] by far. Not even close. We have provided health insurance options, 60 percent cheaper than obama care and we have historic investments treating kidney disease, hiv, pediatric cancer and alzheimer's. We are making so much progress. [applause] and we just past the thing I think is great for 45 years been trying to get a past we just past the right to try. We have the greatest doctors the greatest technicians and labs in the world we have a drug looking good but it will take 12 years we brought the timing down to half of that six years to get it approved if they have money they go to Asia or Europe are all over the world looking for help if you don't have money they go home but they die. What we did is right to try. People signed something and they don't hold the country responsible. [applause] they don't hold the drug companies responsible. [applause] so right to try and then they get the newest and the best and the latest medicine where it's looking good but if you don't have it for five more years and then they do it because it doesn't hurt anybody but the people who will die soon. They are terminally ill. Let them have it. We sat down with a great group of leaders, republican leaders and honestly we had some bipartisan support and we got it done they been trying to do it 45 years. [cheers and applause] we got it done. You have to see the results and I have seen some of the results. They are incredible. We have transformed veterans healthcare including through v. a. Choice. [applause] for 48 years they been trying to get veterans for I thought it had the greatest secret so four years ago i'm campaigning for President but for 45 years they've been trying to get it so I come back one day and say to my people i'm so smart. Because the veterans are waiting in line for two weeks, three weeks, four weeks, ten weeks. Some of them are okay and they are terminally ill by the time they see the doctor. It is too long but I have the greatest idea. I'm so smart. Here's what were going to do. [laughter] were going to send all those people who can't see a doctor down the road to private doctors and pay the bill. [cheers and applause] they look back and said we have thought about that concept for 45 years we cannot get it approved but I got it approved about 11 months ago. And the v. a. Is doing fantastic. That was a big thing we also have accountability where people could mistreat our veterans and do whatever they want they could be sadistic , so many other things they could steal or rob and we couldn't do anything. Now we have accountability if you look at them you say get the hell out of here. [laughter] [cheers and applause] now you can fire them they have let go of more than 8000 bad people we have reduced opioid deaths for the first time and very substantially and 30 years. [applause] and we are modernizing critical vaccines and doing a great job with vaccines. We are creating a pathway to buy drugs from canada that are much cheaper in florida the governor came to me and said sir, the system is so bad and you cannot fix it that's why you have to give us back the house. They say sir we can buy the drugs in canada for 50 percent less the same drug made in the same factory made by the same company. 50 percent and we can give the benefit to the people who live in florida or colorado or new jersey or wherever you are. This is been going on for a long time no President has wanted to do it. I said if you can save 50 percent or 25 percent or 15 percent, buy it. Do it. Go. And I gave them authorization. Do it. [applause] we are protecting medicare for our nation seniors. That Democrats want to raid medicare to fund benefits. And we all have a heart. But when you tell people to come into our country they will come. And they think they will get free education, free healthcare. They will come. If you don't say that then who would even think this but virtually every top Democrat now supports late term abortion ripping the baby straight from the mother's womb right until the moment of birth. [booing] that is why high have asked Congress to limit extreme late-term abortion because republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortions, socialism and blatant corruption. Look at what is happening to their cities los angeles is so sad what you see is so sad with the homeless and the way they don't take care of the homeless, san francisco take a look at what is happening in the cities run by Democrats. It is a disaster they don't know what the hell they are doing. The republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family and the American dream. [cheers and applause] republicans are fighting citizens from every background in every race and religion and color and creed we are asking all americans to join the greatest movement in history the 2016 election you could say the greatest election in the history of our country. [cheers and applause] and now we have to do it again to keep it going like a giant tree planted but it takes time. We need this next election so badly. The good news is it is much easier because I have done it I have achieved more than I promised I never told you about space force for quite never told you about all of these things. We are a big tent party big ideas and a big potential together if we don't blow it to give prisoners a second chance at life we passed bipartisan criminal justice reform they could not get it passed including many conservatives. [applause] and these people I fight every day help with criminal justice reform. I got it done as soon as I get it done they will mention my name I got people to vote for they never could have gotten President obama could not get it done President bush couldn't get it done. That's okay. I got it done. [cheers and applause] and after I got it done, and I slowly got it done then I have news conferences thinking people I have never even heard of. The only one they didn't think was President trump and I got it done. That's the way it is. That's why I always say you have to think yourself because nobody else will do it. Fighting for school choice for every child in America during nashville school choice week we reaffirm no parent should be forced to sign and send their child to a failing government school. [applause] Democrats don't want that. To uphold the rule of law we have confirmed 191 brand-new federal judges who will interpret the constitution as written. [cheers and applause] and two great supreme court justices. [cheers and applause] as we rebuild our military we have authorized $160 million to support our wars at a place called mcguire air force base and fort dix. Have you ever heard of them? $160million. I recognize israel as the true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. [cheers and applause] and we recognized israeli sovereignty in golan heights. Nobody else would do that they have been trying to do that 52 years. The years you watch as the politicians apologize for America now you have a President standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of new jersey. [cheers and applause] at stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation. If you would've had the other party winning the last election instead of the market up 72 percent with your four o one kays and being up numbers you cannot believe your wife or your husband says you're the most brilliant person in history. For years you have been losing your ass in the 401(k) now you make a fortune. [applause] I have people coming up to me all the time one gentleman came up and said thank you made me look so smart my wife never respected me for anything. [laughter] now she thinks him a great investor. 401(k). If you want your children to inherit that generations of American have fought for then we must devote everything that we have two victory in 2020. We have to. [cheers and applause] by the way talking about inheriting victory in 2020 and our nation just so you understand under the biggest tax cut plan in history guess what you have? A business, farm, small business no more inheritance tax. [cheers and applause] if you love your children they do not have to mortgage the farm or anything there is no tax. If you don't love your children don't leave it to them and then you do have a problem. I'm kidding. [laughter] does anybody here not love their child or children? Here is one man. [laughter] no more estate tax no more death tax. [cheers and applause] and things that people don't even realize. Only this way can we save the America that we love and drain the washington swamp. Even I didn't know the swamp was this bad. Bad people. A lot of bad people in the swamp. There are bad people in the swamp. Said that the home. Chanting send them home. That swamp creatures step-by-step you thought this would be easy right? A lot of bad people with your help we will lift millions of our citizens from welfare to work from dependence to independence from poverty to prosperity together we will elect a republican Congress to create a fair and safe and sane and lawful system of immigration and that is what is happening now. [cheers and applause] we will enact the greatest trade deal that resulted with the beautiful phrase made in the usa. [cheers and applause] for decades politicians did not care about that phrase. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the aids epidemic in America in ten years or less. [applause] we've already started the process it could have been started sooner by the past administration they chose not to do what I chose to do it ending the aids epidemic within ten years. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms which is under siege. [cheers and applause] usa. [chanting] usa. [chanting] usa. [chanting] by the way our second amendment is under siege in virginia they want to take your guns away. Never going to happen as long as I am President of the United States. [applause] but above all be will never stop fighting for those sacred values that bind us together as one America we support and protect and defend the constitution of the United States and stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. [cheers and applause] we believe in the dignity of four and the sanctity of life. We believe faith and family not bureaucracy is the true American way. And we believe that children should be taught to honor our history and always respect our great American flag. [cheers and applause] and we will always live by the words of our national motto , and God we trust. [cheers and applause] four more years. [chanting] four more years. [chanting] four more years. [chanting] thank you very much everybody. From patterson to pennington to camden all the way down the shore to ocean city and right here in wildwood new jersey. [cheers and applause] this has always been the home of the proud and the whale and very incredible americans. They are tough and they are smart and they are great people. This is what pioneer the boardwalk and the motion picture to give the world greats like edison and frank sinatra, old blue eyes. He was a piece of work. [applause] new jersey is the state where george washington led the American patriots to victory in trenton. And in the glorious battle to win our independence. This is for generation for craftsmen and farmers and factory workers who built this country into the single greatest nation on the face of the earth and we are making it greater and greater and it will never be better than what is coming. There will never be anything like what we are doing. [cheers and applause] proud citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning to you, the American people. [cheers and applause] with your health and devotion and your drive we will keep on working. We will keep on fighting and we will keep on winning, winning, winning. [cheers and applause] one people one family and one glorious nation under God. [cheers and applause] America is thriving like never before and ladies and gentlemen of new jersey the place I love, the best is yet to come. Because together we will make America wealthy again. [cheers and applause] we will make America strong again we will make America proud again we will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, new jersey. Thank you.