ID: CSPANDT1910202087
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Tucson, Arizona
Date: 2020-10-19

We take you live now to arizona where President trump is holding a campaign rally with voters and supporters in tucson. (music) [playing "eye of the tiger"] (music) [chanting usa] (music) [playing macho man] I have got to be a macho man macho, macho man I have got to be a macho man macho, much a man I have got to be a macho man (music) (music) he is a macho man hey, hey, hey macho, macho man I have got to be a macho man macho, macho man I have got to be a macho, macho man I have got to be a macho man macho, macho man I have got to be a macho all right (music) macho, baby (music) macho, macho man he is a macho man hey, hey, hey macho, macho man I have got to be a macho man macho, much aacho man macho, macho man I have got to be a macho man macho, macho man I have got to be a macho, macho man I have got tba macho man , got to be a macho man I have got to be a macho (music) macho, macho man I have got to be a macho man (music) please, please darling, please baby, you did me wrong (music) please, please, please, please, darling please, don't go I love you so i, i, I darling, please don't go I love you so baby, take my hand I want to be your man darling, please don't go I love you so please, don't go please, don't go darling, please don't go I love you so please, please (music) (music) [applause] at least I know I am free I will not forget the men who died who made that fight for me I proudly stand up next to you there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa (music) (music) [applause] to the hills of tennessee down into houston from new york to l. a. There is pride in every American heart I am proud to be an American where at least I know I am free I will not forget the men who died who gave their life to me I proudly stand up next to you there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa I am proud to be an American where at least I know I am free I will not forget the men who died who gave that to me I gladly stand up next to you and remember till the day there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa (music) (music) I am proud to be an American where at least I know I am free I will not forget the men who died who gave this fight for me I gladly stand up next to you and remember till the day there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa (music) from the likes of minnesota to the hills of tennessee across the plains down into houston new york to l. a. There is pride in every American heart I am proud to be an American where at least I know I am free I will not forget the men who died who gave that life to me and I gladly stand up next to you and defend her to the day there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa I am proud to be an American where at least I know I am free I will not forget the men who died who gave that life to me I gladly stand up next to you and remember till the day there no doubt I love , there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa (music) (music) thank you, thank you. What a crowd. Thank you, tucson. Thank you, tucson. Wow. [chanting usa] thank, tucson. I am thrilled to be in arizona where there are thousands of loyal, hard-working patriots. 15 days from now, we are going to win the state of arizona. We are going to win four more e years in the white house. Everyone needs to get out and vote. Turn in your absentee ballot. When do you do it? Today? You can go and vote today, they say. Go out and vote. Remember the old-fashioned days when you would actually go out and vote. None they send you millions of ballots. Are you ok over there? He looks better than I do that guy. Good. Thank you. You make sure you are ok. Maintain energy independence, which we have now. Strengthen our military, support our police, protect our second amendment. I do not see you people. I do not think you are going to want to give up those guns. That is not arizona. Arrest violent criminals, confirm or judges to uphold the rule of law. Under my leadership, prosperity will surge. What we have done in the last three and a half years has been incredible. Nobody has ever done what we have done. Their is no , there is no administration has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first three and a half years. Not even close. Optimism will boom. The pandemic is rounding the turn. I look fine, don't I? We will get back to a normal life. Seven months ago, we want to get back. We will be better than that very soon. You see what is happening. Stock market through the roof. Your 401(k) is through the roof. Your stock through the roof. Your housing, through the roof. Your optimism. What about 56% of the people? A pole just came out. 56% of the people say they are that are off today than they were four years ago and we have a pandemic. Next year will be the greatest economic year of the history of our country. We are cutting taxes. They are raising your taxes. That is an easy one to figure out. This election is a choice between a trump super recovery or a biden depression. It is a choice between getting a safe vaccine and getting back in and working. You have a governor here today. He has done a great job and he has kept you open. Unlike some of them like michigan. We won the case in michigan. The only one who was allowed to have a good time was the governor's husband. He was allowed to do whatever the hell he wanted. We are going to have a safe vaccine. Do you know what biden is going to do? He is going to lock them down. We built the greatest economy ever. We had to close it down. We saved millions of lives. Then we built it back up. Now we are doing record type numbers. It is a choice between the American dream and a socialist nightmare. Biden will delay therapies, prolong the pandemic, close your schools and shut down our country. We are opening rapidly. We have a v-shaped. It is maybe a super v, which nobody ever even heard of before. He will massively raise your taxes. We cut regulations. It would take 18 to 21 years to get a highway approved. We have it down to one year. Do you know what? Right now, it is less than two. It may get rejected for environmental reasons. That is ok. Probably not, but that is ok. You can have it approved or not approved and it is a one year process, not a 21 year process. In my opinion, what we have done on regulations is even more important than the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. They are going to bring all those regulations back. They want to dismantle your police departments. Dissolve your borders. If you do not have borders, you do not have a country. Confiscate your guns, ban American energy, wipeout private health care. Terminate religious liberty. This is for the women. The women who live in the suburbs, they want to destroy your suburbs. I ended the regulation. Women from the suburbs will not like trump. I said why, because I am stopping crime? You are going to have suburbs be saved. You are not going to have low income housing projects built next to your house. We ended the regulation that would have destroyed your suburbs. It is amazing how the women like me all of a sudden. As you know, the Democrats want to cut our military to the bone. We built the greatest military right now in the history of our country. Frankly, in the history of our world. Biden will surrender your jobs to China. He will surrender your future to the buyers and he will surrender the future of your country to the radical socialist left. The only thing biden wants to do is get as much as he can for himself. I did not know anything about it. Here is a picture of biden playing golf. I did not know my son was taking money from burisma. I did not know my son got $3. 5 billion from the mayor of moscow. And then you see all the things, right? We have to give the man 10%, right? Oh, boy. [chanting lock him up] I will tell you what, no one has ever seen , and the media, they will not allow it. Charlie kirk, do you know charlie kirk? They shut down a site because he mentioned , look, he is a corrupt politician, this guy. Biden has made a corrupt exchange for his party's nomination. He has handed control of his party over to the socialist, the communist and to the left-wing extremists. That is before we get to his own personal corruption, which is more than anybody in history. It is the second biggest scandal politically in the history of our country. Number one was spying on my campaign and getting caught. Biden even chose as his running mate the most liberal Senator in America. Kamala, kamala. Senator kamala harris is the sponsor of the socialist green new deal and legislation to strip away the private health plans of 180 million americans. You know, her and bernie sanders want to do something in arizona. They have some deal in arizona where your taxes are going to go way up. You know that, right? Your great governor was saying he is not happy with it. But bernie sanders, the second most liberal person , he is first. , she is first. They want to raise your taxes 8. 5%. He is saying more. What is the name of that? Rule what? Right? You know about it. They control biden 100%. Biden is shot. Harris also , urged supporters to donate to the rioters. Not republican areas all the why , areas by the way. You look at portland. We could have taken 15 minutes. We told the governor, let is in. We went in to minneapolis. It took us a half an hour. Unfortunately, they could have called a little earlier. In seattle, they gave up on they heard we were going in the next morning. All Democrat areas. New york going to hell. I feel so sad with new york. Crime is up 250%. A terrible thing has happened in new york. Look at chicago. Democrat again. Crime is through the roof. They had a weekend, 87 people were shot and 16 died. This is , we are in afghanistan. We don't lose that many people. We are coming out. We are all coming back home. Even in war zones, you do not have that. We could solve it so easily. Thank you. There has never been that chance before. We all like ronald reagan. He never had that chant, we love you. You are going to make me cry. Do not do that. I do not want to cry. Make me cry, you will destroy my image and then you will not love me anymore. I had a good life before I did this. My life was very simple and very nice. The Democrat parties is putting police officers in American families in grave danger. Unlike joe biden, I will always support the heroes of law enforcement. And I was endorsed by almost every law enforcement group in the united states, including new york's finest and chicago and florida and texas and oklahoma and every place and I was just named the man of the year in their big magazine, the blue magazine, good name for it , men of the year and I thought I would just tell you that for whatever reason I tell you. I'm the only one standing between you and a left rate , left wing crusade. They want to change our whole country. The thing that is going to bring us back together is success. I was getting calls seven months ago, we had the best employment numbers we ever had. We had the greatest success we ever had. We were beating China at everything. We were beating everybody. They were calling me, people I would not be speaking to generally, let's get together, it was happening and then we got hit I the China plague and we had to start all over again. Success brings us together , I saw it and we saw it for two months it was really going on. A new study of the biden harris agenda found their plans will crater the typical American family by more than 6005 hundred dollars. They are horrible, horrible plans to finance the new green deal. [booing] the green new deal is the craziest thing. No more airplanes, no more double cows , double cars. No more you. You will be next. In just three years, I increased family income by $6,000. And we are not even talking about the energy. Did you ever think you would be seeing two dollar gasoline and we saved all of our energy jobs. All of our energy jobs we saved. Biden will eviscerate the middle class. My policies will lift the middle class to record highs and that's where we are going very quickly. For the last 47 years, sleepy joe biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, through open your borders and ravaged our cities while sacrificing American blood and treasure in these endless, ridiculous foreign wars. [booing] in countries you never even heard of. Joe biden is a servant of the left-wing globalists, the washington vultures who got rich bleeding America dry. They raised a lot of money, you know why because they made deals. I would be the greatest fundraiser in history if I wanted to call wall street, I know them all, I want $10 million for my campaign, yes, all I have to say is I want 10 million, 15 million , you know what happens when you do that, you are selling yourself out. You can't do it anymore because you feel guilty. You see them sitting all sorts of records , every time they set a record they gave away everything. In 2016, you voted to fire this corrupt and decrepit establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting America first. [cheering and applause] about time. It's about time. Joe biden is always and always has been a corrupt politician. Joe biden is a corrupt politician and you know what? You knew that and a lot of people knew that for a long time but now you have the laptop, it's over. It's over. As far as i'm concerned, the biden family is a criminal enterprise and that's what it is. A criminal enterprise. Smoking gun emails , we just found them, you saw that , did you see that , we think the laptop was made by Russia. He just said it was made by Russia. Here we go again. Russia did it. Russia, russia, Russia. The head of dni was fantastic and came out and said that was false information. These are bad people, these are sick people. You notice they never say it was made by China because they are all on the take. Smoking gun email just came out the biden family used the vice presidency as a for-profit cash machine and joe biden has been lying to the American public to cover it up. Remember he said I never met anybody from marie's mother. , from burisma. Is it burisma? Then they show a picture of him playing golf with the head of burisma. Oh boy, oh boy. If biden wins, China wins and China will own the usa. Remember what I said. [booing] the media and big tech is trying to hide the entire scam. Can you believe what they are doing? They are taking people like charlie kirk off if they even mention biden's corrupt and they know he is corrupt but he is there corrupt, he so perfect for them. They know publicizing these revelations would mean an end of biden's presidential run. I think it is an end right now. I think it is an end right now. How the hell , when you see the kinds of things they do, where the big guy has to get at least 10%, the big guy. I wonder who the big guy is? When you see , if you put him as President you should be ashamed of yourselves. I'm not just running against biden, i'm running against the left-wing media, the big tech giants, and the washington swamp and i've been running against it. [cheering and applause] and here I am all by myself. Anybody out there would have been in a corner right now, thumb and mouth saying mommy, take me home, mommy I want to go home. It's great. Do you know why it's great? No one has ever done what we have done. They flood your communities with criminal aliens, drugs and crime while they live behind beautiful gated communities. They try to take away your guns while they enjoy private security, fully armed, by the way. How about bloomberg , he's fighting guns and he's got five guys around him with guns. They support crippling lock downs while their industry remains totally exempt. It's time to send a message to these wealthy hypocrites in washington and silicon valley, show them the American people are in charge by delivering their candidate, sleepy joe biden, who shouldn't even be their candidate, he should have lost because elizabeth pocahontas warren, if she would have dropped out the day before super tuesday, joe would have lost every single state to crazy bernie, it's a very simple business. We have to show them a thundering defeat on november 3. [cheering and applause] and if I don't sound like a typical washington politician, it's because i'm not a politician. If I don't always play by the rules of the washington establishment it's because I was elected to fight for you harder than anyone has ever fought for you. And i'm fighting so hard. I had a great life. I fought so hard because I love my country and because i'm determined to ensure the forgotten men and women of this country are never forgotten again. And they won't be. And we talked that lesson four years ago but we are going to teach them again because this is the most important. I used to go a few months ago , I don't know, this is important, that's important, this is the most important election in the history of our country. The biden agenda would be a catastrophe for arizona seniors. Do we have any seniors in the house? Biden is pledging mass amnesty and free federal health care for illegal aliens. You saw that where he was up on the stage with his radical left Democrats. Who's willing to give free health care to illegal immigrants? Everybody raised their hands and biden couldn't get his up. You know it was wrong but then he looks and his brain is shot so he looks over here in their hands were all up and then their hands were all up, there were a lot of them, he knew it was wrong because it would be so horrible for our country because everyone is going to flood our country if you get free health care, you get free education, I jokingly said everyone gets a rolls-royce and cnn said that's alive. So what happens is he couldn't get it up and he looked and he got it up and I said and q, we just won the election. , I said thank you, we just won the election. It's his party, that's what they want, they want socialized medicine and they will destroy your social security. While i'm president, no one will touch your medicare or social security. [cheering and applause] biden is always complaining, we didn't stop China fast enough except he didn't want to stop him at all. He's always complaining and yet he was here for 47 years. I said joe, joe, it's not like you are out tighter. It wasn't that long ago, 47 years and all he does is complain. Biden had 47 years to fight for seniors and reduce prescription drug cusson look what I have done. I just , they are going to come down 70%, 80%, 90% because I just did something nobody thought I would do. We paid the lowest in the world. You will see numbers that are shocking. They are not happy with me, the big pharma. Big pharma is spending a lot of money. When you see those ads, every one of those ads means your drug prices are coming down. I tried to make a deal with them, but we couldn't. In the end they got too greedy, too much money, too much money. We brought drug prices down 1%. It's the first time in 52 years drug prices came down, but now we are going for the big one. Now we are going for the big one. Rebates, the richest people, the middleman, you know we have middlemen, no one knows who the hell they are. We will make it politically correct , they are called middlemen. Nobody knows who they are. These guys are so rich, who are they? I bet you hunter gets a piece of the action. Hunter biden is a middleman on top of everything else. He gets it from china, he gets it from ukraine, he got three and a half million from russia, from moscow, and on top of everything else he's a middleman. I bet he is. He probably gets a piece of the action. Instead, he is selling out to the drug pharmacies. I'm taking on the powerful interests, nobody's ever done this before. Nobody has ever done it before. For years, you heard about drug prices, nobody ever did anything. Now you hear about drug prices and they are going to be dropping like a rock. I'm letting your governor, your great governor by, until the thing kicks in and probably litigation, but exercise this whole thing with favorite , if Germany pays $. 10, we pay a dollar and it's ridiculous that we have the right to match and we get the lowest price but until it kicks in, canada pays half of what we pay. So i'm letting your governor and other governors go to canada, by your drugs are canada, save 50%. We get rid of the middleman. The other thing we did, much less than what we are talking about, we capped insulin cost for medicine. Medicare plans at less than $35 a month, people were dying because they couldn't afford insulin. 33 million seniors , think of this. 33 million seniors on medicare will soon be receiving $200 to help with their drug costs on top of everything else. By the way, in all fairness, nobody has done anything like this, but your big thing, your big thing is going to be when you see what happens with the favored nations because you've been hearing about it for years were other countries are paying a tiny fraction and we bear all the cost because our politicians sold us out. They sold us out. That i'm not a politician. I couldn't stand watching them. Now the China virus, we launched the largest mobilization since world war ii. Our early and aggressive action saved more than 2 million lives. I acted early to ban travel from China , how about this , you should have done it sooner. In the meantime, he called me xenophobic, right? Much later he agreed I was right and now he's saying I should have done it sooner. This guy. I also banned from Europe because it was italy and spain and france and by the way they have a big spike right now they have a very big spike right now and we are doing good. We have the vaccines coming and even without, we are rounding the turn. People are pandemiced out. That's why it's so great what your governor has done. He's opened up your state and you are doing great. By the way, you get it you know here I am , i'm here. And now i'm immune. I can jump into this audience and kiss every man and woman. I'm immune. Right? [cheering and applause] it used to be you are immune for life and what I said at , they said it's only good for four months. You understand that, right? I will jump into that audience right now. We pioneered lifesaving therapies and reduce the fatality rate 85%. Think of that. I didn't feel good , I feel not so great and i'm not used to that and we can't let that happen to a President because we have to be at the top of our game. That's why you can't let biden be President because he's not at the top of his game mentally. You can't have that. One thing I can tell you. And, President chee of china, they are very much at the top of their game. You can't let this happen to our country. You can't. If you are president, one thing you are guaranteed lots of doctors and they would grab me and they grabbed me by every part they had hands all over me and I said get the hell out of here I just don't feel good. I used the drug read which nobody ever thought about six months ago and I woke up the next morning and I was like I felt like superman. Get me out of here. I said get me out of here. Eli lilly makes a similar product and we are going to distribute it and get emergency you so we can do it faster because it's early but it's fantastic, antibodies and we are going to distribute it all over and we are going to make sure people have a problem, they can get the same drugs I got and i'm telling you it will be the same result. It will be the same result and it's free. We are going to do it free. Companies are working with us. Because it's not their fault, it's china's fault. But I woke up and I felt good and said get me out of here. Boom, superman. Through operation warp speed, we will have 100 million vaccine doses before the end of the year and our military is going to distribute them and there's nobody like our military. Which is responsible for its caption content and accuracy. Visit ncicap. org] , the vaccine will end their pandemic, but even without the pandemic, it going to end. This can go quickly , this can make it go a lot faster. Biden's lockdown will crush America. My plan will crush the virus and bring back your American dream. [applause] we are joined today by some very special people. Someone who has been with me from the beginning and i've been with the beginning. He's very difficult because when he needs something from the state money, he will call me all the time and I say do me a break. I guess that is what he supposed to do. I will say all right, you got it, promise not to call and he will call me two weeks later. He's a great governor, one of the greatest governors, he's done a fantastic job. You are down to low numbers, by the way. Doug ducey. [cheering and applause] and we want you to vote for rhonda mick sally. Save your second. Save your second amendment. Do you want to come up? Come here for a second. Come on, doug. This guy , I don't know if you like him or not, I don't care. He's been a great guy. Donald Trump win arizona. Donald Trump will be reelected President of the United States. And along with Donald Trump and mike pence, martha mcsally on november 3 will join them in the u. s. Senate. None, because of your policies, arizona's economy is booming. Our home values are rising faster than anywhere else in the nation and amy coney barrett will be confirmed to the supreme court. [cheering and applause] joe biden is wrong for America. Joe biden would lock us down. Joe biden would reduce your income $6,500 and joe biden would make washington dc a state. And how many presidents of the United States would protect arizona by talking about what bernie sanders wants to do here by endorsing prop 208, wanting to raise our taxes 77%? So on november 3, vote no on prop 208 and vote yes for Donald Trump and mike Pence to go back to the white house. [cheering and applause] thank you. He's a great, great governor. And you know what, we are not going to take her time or anything but martha mcsally is here. She is saving your second amendment. She has been a great, great Senator. Come here, honey. She has been a great, great Senator and just go out and vote for martha mcsally. Save your second amendment. Save your second amendment. Thank you, darling. She has done a great job and she's a worker and she's a great fighter pilot. They told me all about her, some of the pilots said she was a great fighter pilot. Thank you martha, thank you, doug. We also have a congressional candidate they say is a star in the making. I've heard it from a lot of people. Vote for brandon martin. Rendon, good luck, man. I hear it's going good. Brandon martin. Thank you, brandon. You are going to do great. I heard you are doing really well. Under my administration, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world and we are doing it again. Make America great again. We did it and now we have to do it again. It's all right. And it's happening much faster. It looks like , in my first three years, we increased family income more than five times the gain in all eight years under the last administration , pink of that. Five times more in the first three years. Five times more than eight years of the obama-biden , that's not even believable. African-american unemployment, hispanic American unemployment, asian American unemployment all reached record lows, the lowest in the history of our country. Six point 6 million americans out of poverty, including more than 1. 5 million hispanic americans, that is a record. And i'm doing very well in the polls with hispanic americans, but I always liked you and you always like me, the fake news just didn't know that. Our policies are lifting up all americans of every income since the China virus, we created 11. 4 million American jobs, it's a record. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. The unemployment , normally I would not be happy about this but the unemployment rate a week ago hit 7. 8%. Think of that. We were hearing 42, it's going to go to 44, going to go to 38, it's , think of that. Would you believe that? Normally I would not say it because we were at 3. 4, 3. 5 and better than that but we will be there soon. After the virus left china, we experience the smallest contraction of any major western country and the fastest recovery anywhere in the world from an economy standpoint. And we have already cut the unemployment rate in less than half. That's a fantastic thing. Under biden and obama, it took three and a half years for arizona to regain 60% of the jobs lost in the crisis and we have done it in four months. Think of that. And it wasn't our fault. Manufacturing, production is up 61%. Retail sales are up excuse me 121%. That means more than before the pandemic. Automobile production, nobody is going to believe this one, is up 350% since april lows. 350%. I have a way we can stop it, elect sleepy joe. Who has a 401(k)? If I told you your 401(k)s and you are all at record highs are very close, if I told you your 401(k)s will be cut in half and much worse than that, that is what is going to happen, you are going to end up in a depression. He's going to raise your taxes by four or five times and they are going to put on regulations, every company is going to say let's get out of here. The regulation cuts which are more than any administration has ever done, the regulation cuts in their own way were more important than the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. Thank you. As president, I have been delivering for our incredible hispanic American and i'm fighting for school choice, safe neighborhoods, and hispanic owned small businesses. [cheering and applause] joe biden would wipe out your small businesses with lockdowns and regulations. He said the other day, I would lock it down. Thank you joe, we appreciate it. And devastate your families with massive tax heights. He will wage wars on catholic organizations, and charter schools, fund extreme late term abortions. And he will let socialists run wild and we will never have a socialist country. We will never have it. We can't. We won't have a country. That is why we are going to win a record share of the hispanic vote this november. Get out and vote, get out and vote. For decades, our , fighting foreign wars, defending foreign borders but now we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, we are protecting our borders. You know the wall is almost finished. And by the way, the guest beneficiary may be happens to be arizona. That wall. How good is the wall. The governor was telling me now they are coming legally , the wall is great. It goes down deep and goes up high. And we are bringing our jobs, our factories, our troops back home in the usa where they belong, right? Under my leadership we achieve the most secure border in history. And I want to thank mexico. Mexico has right now 27,000 troops guarding our border. How about that? And we built almost 400 miles of the wall. We are averaging about 10 miles a day and it's the best. It's exactly what border patrol wanted. I would just like to put up concrete planks and they said no sir, we have to have it this way, sir. We gave them everything they wanted and they are really happening , they are really happy and we've got the best border we've ever had and you know what? You have a big chunk of it right here and it has really worked. You have 200 miles, they tell me. 200 miles. 200 miles , that's a lot of mileage. You are not paying a dam sent for it. All complements of the federal government, right? Remember nancy Pelosi , they said we don't need a wall. Walls are obsolete. Two things don't get obsolete , walls and wheels. Everything else is obsolete. They developed a new chip yesterday in 15 minutes it's going to be obsolete. New computer, 15 minutes, obsolete. Two things will never be obsolete , a wheel and a wall. Democrat said we want drones. You can have drones watching everybody pour into the country. No thanks. 200 miles of all in arizona and you've got it all and it's all done. Joe biden's party continues to attack our incredible border agents and more than half of whom happen to be hispanic americans. I know a lot of them. Am I right? The republican party will always stand with the heroes of Ice and border patrol. They are doing incredible things. My opponent's immigration plan is the most extreme proposal ever put forward. Haydn's plan would eliminate u. s. Borders by implementing nationwide , they want nationwide catch and release. You know what catch and release is? You catch them, you take their name, they could be murderers, rapists and they release them into our country. Guess what? We don't do that anymore. It would have made , they want to make every community into a sanctuary city. [booing] and they want to suspend all removals of illegal aliens. And this is done by crazy bernie, right? Bernie sanders made a deal, we call it the manifesto with joe biden and its further left than bernie ever was. Joe did a great job of negotiation. Supposed to bring them to the right, he brought them to the left. It would mean the tote , total nullification of u. s. Borders. Ms 13 and criminal cartels would rampage throughout our country freely. If biden wins, your borders are gone, which means your health care is gone. The middle class is gone and your safety is gone. Other than that, he's doing quite a good job. From the moment I took office, I worked night and day to stop illegal immigration. It wasn't easy and now we've got it. And stopping it for arizona was a big deal. I ended catch and release, I took down the smugglers and coyotes. These are not nice people, by the way, and I kept my promise to the American people. We are finding the drug dealers all over and we are resting the drug dealers like they have never been arrested before. We are finding the predators, we are finding the gang members, we are finding ms 13 killers and we are either throwing them in jail or sending them the hell back home where they came from. [cheering and applause] we invested 2. 5 trillion dollars in our military. We have the greatest equipment now anywhere in the world. You know when I first got here, a very highly overrated General told me we have no ammunition. I said no President should ever hear that. Truly this was a General I did not have a lot of respect for but he said we have no ammunition so I said well, we are going to have to do something. We are now the envy of the world. We have weapons the likes of which nobody has. Russia, china, nobody. And for our vets, we passed the a choice nva accountability. We killed the leader of Isis and took down the world's number one terrorist and mass murderer of American troops and many people, salome knees dad. , stella maney , is dead. Not the best deal , it would have been ending now almost anyway. I recognize the true capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized israeli solvent , sovereignty over the golan heights. They've been working on it for 52 years, I got it done in two hours. And instead of the endless wars, we are forging peace in the Middle East. No blood in the sand. I did more and 47 months then joe biden did in 47 years. A vote for republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a limitless future, and for the American dream. It's for the American dream. Remember, the republican party is the party of abraham lincoln, right? You know, abraham lincoln , I tell that to people they never knew , gee never knew that, honest abe was a special person. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will and our reliance on China once and for all. It's already happening. [cheering and applause] we will hire more police, increase penalties for assault on law-enforcement and we will and deadly sanctuary cities. [cheering and applause] we will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheering and applause] we will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of these ridiculous foreign wars. Foreign wars. Countries you've never even heard of. We will maintain america's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. We will and surprise medical billing, require price transparency, it's already done. Starts on january 1. It will be more important than health care. It will be even more important. I'm telling you, the numbers you're talking about, price transparency. Further reduce the cost of prescription drugs and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions always. [cheering and applause] America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars. It's happening soon. And nasa is now the space center of the world again. It was a mess. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. [cheering and applause] we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. [cheering and applause] and we will live by the timeless words of our national motto , in God we trust. For years, you had a President who apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of arizona. [cheering and applause] this is the most important election in the history of our country. It's the most important. I never thought I would be saying this. It's the most important. Thank you very much. Very much appreciated. It's the most important election in the history of our country and I never thought I would be saying this, but i'm seeing where these people want to take us. They want to take us into a land that has never worked. Look at venezuela. It's the same ideology, same philosophy. It's just a much good version, but it can happen. The United States will never be a socialist nation. Get out of here. So get your friends, get your families, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, get your boss and get out and vote. [cheering and applause] from phoenix to flagstaff from mesa to yuma, from tombstone, what a great name, to right here in tucson, we stand on the shoulders of red flooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat and soul for our liberty and for our freedom. This great, great, great , I love this state. You know what? Arizona has been good to me from the beginning. From day one. We had that victory. My first speech was in arizona. Remember? Phoenix. We had this big convention hall I said how the hell are you going to fill it and we had that thing packed and there were lines outside and I said wow. That's when the fake new started saying what the hell is going on with this trump guy. Remember that in phoenix? It was packed and there were thousands and thousands of people it was my first speech and they started saying what's that all about. Even I said what's that all about, right? We did it together and this was the first place, arizona. Inc. You very much. Thank you. This great state was settled by some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk the face of the earth. Arizona is where wyatt earp and doc holliday became American legends. Wyatt earp. It's where the great American west became the American dream. Arizona is the state where generations of pioneers and prospectors, minors and ranchers, cowboys and cattle hands, marshals and lawmen, tame the frontier, braved the blazing sun like i'm doing right now. You are going to see me tomorrow and i'm going to look like a lobster and you are going to say look what we did to him. They said would you like to wear a hat, there's no way i'm wearing a hat. We have to show strength, right? Strength. And show the entire world how the west was won. They helped make America into the greatest nation into the history of the world and the best is yet to come full up , best is yet to come. Proud citizens like you built this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. [cheering and applause] we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of arizona, we have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again. Stock market. We have made America strong again. Our military. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much. Thank you, arizona. Get out and vote. Get out and vote. Thank you. (music) (music) (music) ["ymca" by the village people playing" (music) young man there's a place you can go I said young man when you are short on your dough you can stay there and i'm sure you will find many ways to have a good time (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) they have everything for your mental joy (music) (music) you can hang out with all the boys (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) you can get yourself cleaned, you have a good meal, you can do whatever you feel (music) (music) young man (music) (music) are you listening to me? (music) I said young man, what do you want to be? (music) you have got to know this one thing (music) (music) no man does it all by himself. (music) young man, put your pride on the shelf and just go there to the ymca (music) (music) and they can help you today (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) they have everything for your mental joy (music) you can hang out with all the boys (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) you can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal, you can do whatever you feel (music) (music) young man, I was once in your shoes (music) (music) I was down and out with the blues (music) (music) I felt no man cared if I was alive (music) (music) I felt the whole world was so jive (music) (music) that's when someone came up to me and said young man, take a walk up the street (music) (music) there's a place there called the ymca (music) (music) that can start you back on your way (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) they have everything for your mental joy (music) you can hang out with all the boys (music) (music) ymca (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) young man, young man, there's no need to feel down (music) (music) young man, young man, get yourself off the ground (music) (music) (music) (music) ymca (music) (music) it's fun to stay at the ymca (music) (music) young man, young man are you listening to me? (music) young man, young man, what do you want to be?