ID: CSPANDT2122020112
Title: President Trump Statement on 2020 Election Results
Date: 2020-12-02

You are watching c-span, your unfiltered view of government. Created by america's cable television company as a public service and brought to you today by in a video posted on facebook, President trump talked about the 2020 election and examples of what he views as fraudulent activity. His remarks, a day after attorney General William Barr told the associated press the justice department had not uncovered evidence of voter fraud that would overturn the results of the election. This is 45 minutes. Know we have election days, weeks and months and lots of bad things happened during this ridiculous period of time, especially when you have to prove almost nothing to exercise our greatest privilege, the right to vote. As president, I have no higher duty than to defend the loads of the constitution of the United States. That is why I am determined to protect our election system, which is now under coordinated assault and siege. For months, leading up to the presidential election, we were warned we should not declare a premature victory. We were told repeatedly it would take weeks if not months to determine the winner, to count the absentee ballots and to verify the results. My opponent was told to stay away from the election, don't campaign. We don't need you. We have got it. This election is done. They were acting like they already knew what the outcome was going to be. They had a cover and perhaps they did, very sadly for our country. It was all very, very strange. Within days after the election, we witnessed an orchestrated effort to anoint a winner even while many key states were being counted. The constitutional process must be allowed to continue. We are going to defend the honesty of the vote by ensuring that every legal ballot is counted and that no illegal ballot is counted. This is not just about honoring the votes of 74 million americans who voted for me. It is about ensuring that americans can have faith in this election and all future elections. None I will detail some of the shocking irregularities, abuses and fraud that have been revealed in recent weeks. Before laying out a small portion of the evidence, and we have so much evidence, I want to explain the corrupt maryland balloting scheme Democrats put into place that allowed voting to be altered, especially in swing states, which they had to win. They just did not know it was going to be that tough because we were leading in every swing state by so much. Far greater than they ever thought possible. While it has long been understood the Democrat political machine engages in voter fraud from detroit to philadelphia to milwaukee, atlanta, so many other places, what changed this year was the Democrat party's relentless push to print and mail out tens and millions of ballots sent to unknown recipients with virtually no safeguards of any kind. This allowed fraud and abuse to occur on a scale never seen before. Using the pandemic as a pretext, Democrat politicians and judges drastically changed election procedures just months and in some cases weeks before the election on the third of november. Very rarely were legislatures involved in constitutionally, they had to be involved, but very rarely and you will see that as we continue to file our suits. It is constitutionally, absolutely incorrect what took place, even from a legal standpoint. Many states such as nevada and California sent millions of live ballots to every person on voter rolls whether those individuals had requested all its or not, whether they were , requested ballots or not, whether they were dead or alive, they got ballots. Other states instituted universal absentee balloting in the middle of an election year, sending absentee ballot request forms to all voters on all roles. It did not matter who they were. This colossal expansion of mail-in voting opened the floodgates to massive fraud. It was a widely known fact the voting rolls were packed with people who were not eligible to vote including those who are deceased, have moved out of their state, and even arnon citizens , even are noncitizens of our country. This is not disputed. It has never been disputed. Dozens of counties in the key swing states have more registered voters on the roles then theyan they have voting age citizens including 67 counties in michigan. In wisconsin, the board of elections could not confirm the residency of more than 100,000 people, but repeatedly refused to remove those names from voter rolls before the election. They knew why. Nobody else did. I knew why. They were illegal voters. It is a travesty that in the year 2020, we do not have any means of verifying the eligibility of those who cast ballots in an election and such an important election it is, for determining who they are, whether they live in the state or whether they even our American citizens. That even our americanare American citizens. Far more votes than we need to overturn the results of a state. In wisconsin as an example, where we were way up on election night, they ultimately had us miraculously losing by 20,000 votes, and I can show you right here. Wisconsin, we are leading by a lot. And then, at 3:40 two in the morning, there was this. It was a massive dump of votes. Mostly biden. Almost all biden. To this day, everyone is trying to figure out where did it come from. I went from leading by a lot to losing by a little hit , by a little. That is it 3:42 in the morning. A terrible thing. A terrible, terrible thing. We will have far more, many times more than the 20,000 votes needed to overturn the state. If we are right about the fraud, joe biden cannot be President. We are talking about hundreds of thousands of votes. We are talking about numbers like nobody has ever seen before. Just as an example in certain states, we will be down by let's say 7000 votes. But we will find later on the 20,000, 50,000, 200,000 discrepancies or fraudulent votes and that includes votes that went through when they were not allowed to be seen by republican poll watchers because the poll watchers were locked out of the building or people that nsa like came to vote on november 3 , that innocently came to vote on november 30 who were excited about their vote, they were happy. They were proud to be citizens of the United States of America. They went up and said I would like to vote and they were told that they cannot vote. I am sorry, they were told. You have already voted by mail-in ballot. Congratulations. We received a ballot so you can no longer vote. They did not know what to do. They had no one to complain to. Most just laughed and said, that is strange. But many people complained and complained vehemently. In a lot of cases, they filled out a provisional ballot, which was almost never used, but in virtually every case was a vote for trump. In other words, they went in to vote and they were told that they voted and they did not vote and they laughed and they felt horror and they lost respect for our system and this happened tens of thousands of times all over the country. That is how desperate the Democrats were. They would fill out ballots of people not even knowing if these people were going to show up. If they did show up, they said sorry, you have already voted. On top of everything else, we have a company that is very suspect. It's name is dominion. , its name is dominion. With the turn of the dial or the change of a chip, you can press a button for trump and it goes to biden. We have to go for paper. The only security system is paper. Not these systems that nobody understands including in many cases the people that run them although unfortunately, I think they understand them far too well. In one michigan county, as an example that used dominion systems, they found that nearly 6000 votes had been wrongly switched from trump to biden and this is just the tip of the iceberg. This is what we caught. How many didn't we catch? Are there hundreds of other examples throughout the country? We just got lucky. They called it a glitch. But we found numerous glitches that evening. 96 of the company's political donations went to democrats, not surprisingly. When you look at who is running the company, who is in charge, who owns it, where are the votes counted, which we think are counted in foreign countries, dominion is a disaster. Election authorities in texas have repeatedly blocked the deployment of dominion systems due to concerns about security vulnerabilities and the potential for errors and outright fraud. Every district that uses dominion systems must be carefully monitored and carefully investigated but not only for the future. Right now, we are worried about the present and what went on with an election that we won. The republicans won almost every state house. We went up to 16 seats in the house. The numbers are still being tabulated because there are nine seats that nobody really knows. They are still two weeks later under consideration. Because it is a mess. Republicans were supposed to lose many states and instead , many seats and instead they won those seats in the house. A very important election that is coming up will determine whether or not we hold the senate. David perdue and kelly leffler are two tremendous people. Unfortunately, in georgia, they are using the same horrible dominion system and it is already been out , it has already been out that hundreds of thousands, think of it, hundreds of thousands of absentee ballots have been requested. You check it out who is requesting those ballots. The difference is, it is one state and we will have our eyes on it like nobody has ever wants anything before because we have to win those two senate seats. The tremendous success we had in the house of representatives and the tremendous success we have had so far in the senate , unexpected success. All over the country and right here in washington. It is statistically impossible that the person, me, that led the charge lost. The real posters, not the ones that had us , pollsters, not the ones that had us down 17 point or the ones that had us down four or five points in florida and we won by many points or had us down in texas and we won by a lot, not those pollsters, but real pollsters. Pollsters that are fair and honest said we cannot understand a thing like this. You led the country to victory and you were the only one that lost. It is not possible. The speaker of the house of a certain state said sir, I expected to lose my seat and instead because of you and because of that incredible charge and all of those rallies, we had a tremendous victory and everybody knows it. You were much more popular than me, sir except I got many more votes venue did and it is , votes than you did. There is something wrong. I will tell you what is wrong. Voter fraud. Here is an example. As 6:31 in the morning, a vote dump of one hundred 49,772 votes came in unexpectedly. We were winning by a lot. That badge is received in horror. Nobody knows anything about it. There is your line. This is one of many. Here is what is normal. All of a sudden, look at that. Look, even here. They are wrong. I go from winning by a lot to losing a tight race. It is corrupt. Detroit is corrupt. I have a lot of friends in detroit. They know it. But detroit is totally corrupt. Look at this. That is a 6:31 in the morning. Unexpectedly came in. In the recent recount in georgia, which means nothing because they do not want to check signatures, and if you're not going to check signatures in georgia, it does not work but we have a secretary of state and a governor who made it very difficult to check signatures. Why? You will have to ask them. Without a signature match or check, it does not matter. They found thousands and thousands of votes that were out of whack. All against me. This was during a recount that I did not think mattered. They found many thousands of votes. The one that matters is the one that is going on right now. Because of the fact it is so close, they had to give another recount. The recount, has to be a recount where they check the signatures. Otherwise, they are checking the same dishonest thing. It will not matter. In this case, the signatures on envelopes are the only thing that is relevant. We will compare the signature on the envelope to the signatures from past elections and we will find that many thousands of people signed these ballots illegally. The Democrats had this election rigged from the beginning. They used the pandemic, sometimes referred to as the child a virus, as an excuse to mail out , the China virus, which led to a big part of the fraud, a fraud that the whole world is watching. There is no one happier right now than China. Many people received 2, 3, 4 ballots. They were sent to dead people by the thousands. Ed people , and we have many examples , filled out ballots, made applications and then voted , which is even worse. In other words, dead people went through a process. Some have been dead for 25 years. Millions of votes were cast illegally in the swing states alone. If that is the case, the results of the individual swing states must be overturned and , overturned immediately. We have just elected a President where the votes were fraudulent. It means you have to turn over the election. Everybody knows without going much further and they have seen the evidence but they don't want to talk about it, what a disaster this election was. A total catastrophe. We are going to show it and hopefully the courts in particular, the supreme court of the United States will see it and respectfully , hopefully they will do what is right for our country because our country cannot live with this kind of an election. We can say let's go onto the next one but no, we have to look also to our past. We cannot let this happen. Maybe you will have a revote but I do not think that is appropriate. When those votes are corrupt, when they get caught, they are terminated. I very easily win. In all states, I easily win the swing states just like I won them at 10:00 in the evening the evening of the election. We are not looking to show you 25 faulty or fraudulent votes which don't mean anything. Or 50 or 100. We are showing you hundreds of thousands, far more than we need , far more than the margin, far more than the law requires. We can show many times what is necessary to win the state. The media knows this, but they do not want to report it. In fact, they outright refused to even cover it. Because they know the result. Even what imc hey now , what I am saying now will be demeaned and disparaged but that is ok. I just keep on going forward because I am representing 74 million people and in fact, I am also representing all of the people that did not vote for me. The mail-in voting scam is the lamest part of their four year effort to overturn the results of the 2016 election and it has been like living in hell. Our opponents have proven many times that they will say and do anything to get back into power. The corrupt forces who are registering dead voters and stuffing ballot boxes are the same people who have perpetrated one phony and fraudulent hoax after another. You have been watching it for four years. These entrenched interests oppose our movement because we put America first. They do not put America first. We are returning power to you, the American people. They did not want America first. They only want power for themselves. They only want to make money. I have been investigated from soon after I announced I was running for President. When I immediately went to number one in the republican primary polls, the investigations never stopped. They went on for four years. And I beat them all. Russia, russia, Russia. The impeachment hoax and so much more. Robert mueller spent $48 million of taxpayer money investigating me for two and a half years. Issued over 2800 subpoenas. Executed nearly 500 search warrants. Issued 230 orders for communications records. And conducted 500 witness interviews all looking to take me down. There was no collusion in the end. None whatsoever. Center marco rubio stated , Senator marco rubio stated the committee found no evidence that then candidate Donald Trump or his campaign colluded with the russian government. I thank Senator rubio for that statement. Now I hear that these same people who failed to get me in washington have sent every piece of information to new york so they can try to get me there. It has all been gone over and over again. For $40 million, you go through tax returns. You go through everything. The new york attorney General who recently ran for office campaigned without knowing me stating, we will join with law enforcement and other attorneys General across this nation in removing this President from office. I never met her. It is important that everybody understands, she said, that the days of Donald Trump are coming to an end. All it has been is a big investigation in washington and new york and anyplace else that can investigate because that is what they want to do. They want to take not me but us down. And we can never let them do that. Everything has been looked at. A friend of mine who is very smart said you probably have seen more than anybody else. You probably have been investigated more than anybody else. For you to come out with a clean bill of health makes you probably the cleanest person in this country. Some people in this administration but fortunately not all have been beaten down and disparaged. They just disappeared. Nobody knows what happened to them. Why aren't they active? Why aren't they involved? There is so much to be involved in. The corruption is so rampant. They could not take it anymore. They were threatened by Democrats with impeachment and horrible things were said about them and they are good people. The head of the gsa was hounded and harassed as she reported like she has never been before, what can I say? We caught, he called. Week , we caught comey cold. We are still waiting for a report for a man named durham who have never spoken to and I have never met. They can go after me before the election as long as they want. But unfortunately, mr. Durham did not want to go after these people have anything to do with going after them before the election. So who knows if he is ever going to even do a report. If you look at the lies and the illegal acts of behavior done by so many people and their desire to hurt the President of the united states, something should happen. The hardest thing I have to do is explain why nothing is happening with all of these people that got caught spying on my campaign. It has never happened before and it should never have been before , happen again try President of the United States. All you have to do is watch the hearings and see for yourself. The evidence is overwhelming. The fraud that we have collected in recent weeks is overwhelming. Having to do with our election. Everyone is saying the evidence is overwhelming when they get to see it. But really, it is too late to change the course of an election. It is too late to change the outcome. There is still plenty of time to certify the correct winner of the election and that is what we are fighting to do. But no matter when it happens, when they see fraud, when they see four votes and when those votes number far more than is necessary, you cannot let another person steal that election from you. All over the country, people are together in holding up signs, stop the steel. To understand how we will challenge this fraud, it is important to know the problems with mail-in ballot inc. . Pennsylvania, michigan, nevada, georgia, arizona and other states allowed anyone to get an absentee ballot and cast their ballot without showing any id. The voting took place entirely on the honor system. No identification was required. Most americans would be shocked to learn no state in the country verifies citizenship as a condition for voting in federal elections. This is a national disgrace. No other advanced country conducts elections this way. Many european countries have instituted major restrictions on mail-in voting specifically because they recognize the nearly unlimited potential for fraud. Out of 42 european nations, all but two prohibit absentee ballots entirely for people who reside inside the country or else they require those who need absentee ballots to show a powerful id. Throughout the democratic effort to expand melvin , expand melvin voting, they were working to block measures designed to protect against fraud. Such as signature verification, residency verification or voter id. And citizenship confirmation was almost unthought of that we should ask for it. Can you believe this? These are not the actions of people who want fair elections. These are the actions of people who want to steal elections, who are willing to create fraud. The only conceivable reason why you would block common sense measures to verify legal eligibility for voting is you are trying to encourage, enable, solicit or carry out fraud. It is important for americans to understand these destructive changes to our election laws were not and it is harry response to the pandemic. The pandemic , the pandemic simply gave Democrats an excuse to do what they have been trying to do for many years. The first bill that house Democrats introduced when nancy Pelosi became speaker was an attempt to mandate universal mail-in voting and eliminate measures such as voter id, which is so necessary. Dramatically e-voting the integrity of our elections was the democrats' number one priority for a simple reason. They want to distill the , they wanted to steal the 2020 november election. In pennsylvania, large amounts of melon and absentee ballots were processed illegally and in secret. In philadelphia and allegheny county's without our observers present they were not allowed to be present. They were not allowed in the same room. They were thrown out of the building. They had no way of seeing because there were no windows and the windows were boarded up. Democrats went to the pennsylvania supreme court's a block observers from receiving access. What opposed transparency during the vote county. , the vote counting. It is because they know they are hiding illegal activity. This is an egregious and irreverent a harm that stains the entire us , the entire election. Yet this unprecedented practice of excluding our observers, our vote watchers as some people call them, occurred in Democrat run cities across the nation. Here are some of the additional facts we have uncovered. Many voters across pennsylvania received two ballots in the mail and many others received mail-in ballots for which they never replied. So many got ballots they did not know what they were for. So many received more than one ballot. In some cases, more than two ballots. They happened to be for the most part Democrats. In fayette county, pennsylvania, multiple voters received islets that were already filled out. They did not know what happened. In montgomery county, pennsylvania, a poll watchers overheard unregistered voters being told to return later to vote under a different name. Tens of thousands of voters across pennsylvania were treated differently based on whether they were republicans or Democrats. Voters in some precincts were asked to fix their ally 12 republican precincts and in particular, republican voters were not so notified, which plainly violates the equal protection clause of the United States constitution. If you are a democrat, we are going to fix up your ballot and make sure it is perfect. If you're republican, don't even talk about it. In michigan, a city employee witnessed workers coaching voters to vote straight Democrat. Violating the law and the sanctity of the secret ballot. You cannot do that. The same worker says she was instructed not to ask for any id and not to attempt to validate any signatures. She was also told to eat illegally backdate many ballots received after the deadline. This is something that is so unconstitutional and she estimates that thousands and thousands of ballots were improperly backdated by her and many others. Other witnesses in detroit also saw election officials counting batches of ballots many times as well as illegally duplicating ballots. One observer testified to seeing ox is in boxes of ballots all bearing the same signature. Another observer gave sworn testimony that he saw countless invalid ballots that did not belong to properly registered voters and then witnessed election workers in wayne county entering fake birthdates into the system in order to illegally count them. Witnesses have sworn , have signed sworn affidavits , in other words you go to jail if you like, testifying after election officials announced the last absentee votes had been received, a batch of tens of thousands of ballots had arrived, many without envelopes and all voting for Democrats. In wisconsin, a record number of voters were categorized as indefinitely confined. Also for the elderly that allow them to vote without showing id. Last year, approximately 70,000 people claimed the status statewide. This year, the number miraculously was nearly two hundred 50,000 voters. After election officials in milwaukee and dane counties urged citizens to register under the status. And register they did in levels that don't exist. In wisconsin, there are approximately 70,000 absentee ballots that do not have matching applications as required by law. In georgia, observers have testified to seeing a regular ballots without the creases or typical markings indicating the ballots did not resist , did not arrive in envelopes. A poll worker testified 98% of the large number of usually pristine ballots she witnessed were for biden. Highly unusual number. In addition, thousands of uncounted ballots were discovered in floyd, fayette and walton counties weeks after the election as these ballots were mostly from trump voters. They were not counted. They were from trump voters. In detroit, everybody saw the tremendous conflict and the horrible way the two republican canvassers were treated so horribly because they would not vote when they saw that 71% of the precincts did not balance. And also, there were more votes then there were voters. Think of that. You had more voters than you had votes. Ballots produced error messages from tabulating machines. They were told to press a button that resulted in their votes not being counted. Also in arizona, the attorney General announced mail-in ballots had been stolen from mailboxes and hidden under a rock. In clark county, nevada, where most , were intentionally lowered to allow large numbers of ballots to be counted that otherwise would not have been passed muster. This machine was set at the lowest level. According to one report, in order to test the process. Nine voters in clark county cast ballots with intentionally incorrect signatures and eight of the nine ballots were excepted and counted. They said you could sign your name as santa claus and it would be accepted. Last week, the clark county commission throughout the results of a local election after the registrar reported finding quote, discrepancies we cannot explain. Also in nevada, some voters were entered into a raffle for more than a dozen gift cards worth as much as $250 if they could vote , if they could prove they had voted. One of the most significant indications of widespread fraud is the store nearly low rejection rates for mail-in ballots in many key states. These are the states I had to win. In swing state after swing state, a number of ballots rejected has been dramatically lower than what would have been expected based on prior experience. In georgia, just. 2%, that is substantially less than 1% of mail-in ballots have been rejected. Almost none have been rejected. They took everything. Nothing was rejected practically compared to 6. 4% in 2016 and there are those that 6. 4 was a low number. Almost none were rejected and the previous election, 6. 4 percent were rejected. We have seen similar declines in pennsylvania, nevada and michigan. Ballots were not rejected, especially if they happened to be in Democrat areas. These irregularities are inexplicable unless there is a deliberate effort to accept an eligible or fraudulent ballots. In pennsylvania, the secretary of state and the state supreme court in essence abolished signature revocation requirements weeks prior to the election, in violation of state law. You are not allowed to do that. It has to be approved by the legislature. A judge cannot do it. A state cannot do it, an official cannot do it. The only one that can do it is the legislature. They were not verifying signatures because they know the ballots have not been filled up by the voters in whose names they were cast. In other words, people filled them out that had nothing to do with the names on the ballot. A simple recount of the ballots under these circumstances on the , circumstances only compounds the fraud. The only way to determine whether there was an honest vote is to conduct a full review of the envelopes in the relevant states. Find many , you will find many of them have fraudulent signatures. A full forensic audit is required to ensure only legal ballots from lawfully registered voters that were properly cast are included in the final count. This election is about great voter fraud. Fraud that has never been seen like this before. It is about poll watchers who were not allowed to watch, so illegal. It was about ballots that poured in and nobody but a few knew where they came from but they were counted and they were not from a. It is about big leads on election night. Tremendous leads. Leads where I was being congratulated for a decisive, easy victory and all of a sudden by morning or a couple days later, those leads rapidly evaporated. It is about numbers of ballots that were sent and nobody knew where they came from. It was about machinery that was defective. Machinery that was stopped during certain parts of the evening. Miraculously to open with more votes. It was about many other things. But above all, it was about fraud. This election was rigged, everybody knows it. I do not mind if I lose an election, but I want to lose an election fair and square. What I do not want to have a deal is , but I do not want to have to do is have it stolen from the American people. We have no choice. We already have the proof. We already have the evidence and it is very clear. Many people in the media and even judges so far have refused to accept it. They know it is true. Hthey refused to say you're right. Our countriey need somebody to say you are right. I am prepared to accept any accurate election result. We already have the proof. We already have tens of thousands of ballots more than we need to overturn all of these states that we are talking about. This is an election for the highest office in the greatest country in the history of the world. Every reasonable American should be able to agree based on what we have already documented that we need a systematic analysis of the mail-in ballots to review the envelopes. It is about the signature and if they are on the envelopes, we can only review the envelopes and that will tells everything. This is the absolute minimum we should expect. This is not just about my campaign although it has a lot to do with who is going to be our next President. This is about restoring faith and confidence in American elections. That is about our democracy and the sacred rights that generations of americans have died to secure. Nothing is more urgent or more important. The only ballots that should account , that should count in the selection are those cast by eligible voters who are citizens of our country and who cast their ballots in a lawful manner before the legal deadline. We must never again have an election in which there is not a reliable and transparent system to verify the eligibility, identity and residency of every single person who casts a ballot. A very, very cherished ballot. Many smart people have congratulated me on what we have done. We rebuild our military. We took care of our vets like never before. Space force and so much more. They went on to say, as big and important as these events were, the single greatest achievement in your presidency will be exactly what you are doing right now. Voter integrity for our nation. It is more important than any of the things we discussed. If we do not root out the fraud that has taken place in our 2020 election, we do not have a country anymore. So with the resolve and support of the American people, we will restore honesty and integrity to our elections. We will restore trust in our system of government. Thank you. God bless you. And God bless America.