ID: CSPANDT282202040
Title: President Trump Campaign Event in North Charleston, South Carolina
Date: 2020-02-28

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All I can say is that the fake new just doesn't get it, do they? They don't get it. [cheering] they just don't get it. Hello, charleston, and i'm thrilled to be back in the great state of south carolina. [applause] with thousands of hard-working American patriots who I believen in faith, family, god, and country. Thank you. A phenomenal crowd. Only topped by the number of people outside. If anybody would like to give up where you're standing or your seat, please raise your hand. Then let's begin, right? Thank you all very much. No, they don't get it. Down the road they have a rally. For the people that are going to be running tomorrow. [crowd boos] they are trying to get to 100, but they are not going to make it. I think they are going to set up a roundtable. That is what they do. They end up sitting at a roundtable talking about their definition of impeachment. [laughter] crazy. It's a crazy deal. No. The fake news media they have been trying to figure this out for years. They don't get it. Look at all of those cameras. Look at all of those cameras. That is a lot of cameras. [crowd boos. That is a lot of cameras. Lindsey and tim. They heard you guys were here. They hear d time was here and that lindsay was here. They said, we are not going to attempt that really but you know what? We heard those two guys, plus our great Congressman. They are here. This is an incredible time for our nation. We're thrilled to be in the midst of what we call the great American comeback. And that's what it is. [cheering] jobs are booming. Incomes are soaring. Factories are returning. Poverty is plummeting. Confidence is surging. And we have completely rebuilt of the awesome power of the United States military. [cheering] our country is stronger than ever before. We are stronger. We are better. But while we are building a great feature the radical left Democrats in washington are trying to burn it all down. [crowd boos] they have spent the last three years, and I can even go further than that three years since the election but we go before the election, working to erase your ballots and overthrow our democracy. But with your help we have expose the far-left's corruption and defeated their sinister schemes. Let's see what happens in the coming months. Let's watch. Let's jsut , just watch. Very dishonest people. Now the Democrats are politicizing the coronavirus. Coronavirus. They are politicizing it. We did one of the great jobs , how's President trump doing? They go, not good. They do not have any clue. They cannot even count the votes in iowa. No, they can't. They can't count their votes. One of my people came up to me and said, mr. President, they tried to beat you on russia, russia, russian. That did not work out too well. They could not do it. They tried the impeachment hoax. That was on a perfect conversation. They tried anything. They tried it over and over again. They lost. It is all turning. Think of it. And this is their new hoax. We did something that has been pretty amazing. We have 15 people in this massive country and because of the fact that we went early, we could've had a lot more than that. We're doing great. Our country is doing so great. We are so unified. We are so unified. The republican party has never ever been unified like it is now. There has never been a movement in the history of our country like we have now. Never been a movement. [cheering] so, a number that nobody hurt of,, heard of, I was shocked to hear of it, 35,000 people on ever die. Each year from the flu did anyone know that? That is a lot of people. It can go to 100,000. It can be $27,000. Usually a minimum of 27. Goes up to 100,000a [video clip] , a year die. And so far we have lost nobody to coronavirus in the United States. Nobody. And it doesn't mean we won't. We are totally prepared. It does not mean we won't. You hear 35 and 40,000 people and we have nobody and you wonder if the press is in hysteria mode. Cnn, fake news and the camera just went off. [crowd boos] th camera just went off. Turn it back on. Hey, by the way. Hold it. Look at this. And, honestly, all of vents are like this. , all events are like this. It is all about us. I wish they would take the camera , show the arena, please. They never. [applause] they never do. [cheering] they never show the arena. You can hear it because when you hear it, that is not 200 people. That is not 100 people. That is thousands and thousands of people, including people , [cheering] they always show my face. See that face. They show my face. I want them to show the arena, not my face, right? , new rallies? , how many rallies? Practically everyone. Can you believe it? I'm sure their husband are thrilled. Where are you going tonight? I'm going to another trump rally. True. Number 114. What do your husband say about that? She said, we don't care. [laughter] thank you. Thank you. Democrats will only say horrible things, even though they know we are doing a great job. We're doing a great job with what we have to work with. It is incredible. The Democrats want us to fail so badly, even if their actions, and you take a look, hurt the people of this country, they will hurt the people themselves. Their wealth, their everything. They are willing to hurt our country in order to say , even if they know it is not so. We made an unbelievable deal with mexico, with canada, with china, with south korea, with japan. [cheering] if you put a microphone to these people back there, like the academy awards used to be. Not anymore. Best movie of the year. It is made in south kore a. What's all that about? I'm waiting to see the best movie of the year. He said it's garbage. [cheering] onlyl in south carolina can you say that. Only. [cheering] you're going to get us in trouble. I'm just repeating what he said for the fake news. Seriously, the academy awards has gone way down in ratings. You know why? Because they started attacking us, and we don't believe in it anymore. That's why. No, but they had the best movie of the year made in south korea. They make enough stuff for us, right? They are our friends. Take advantage of us. Not so much anymore. We are magneifically, magnificently organize with the best officials in the world are you have to be prepared for the worst but hopefully it will all amount to very little. That is what I tell you when we have the flu at 35,000 people and this one is, we have to take it very seriously. We are preparing for the worst. My administration has taken the most aggressive action in modernistic to prevent the spread of this illness in the United States. We are ready. We are ready. Totally ready. [cheering] on january 31, I ordered the suspension of foreign nationals who have recently been in China from entering the United States. [cheering] an action which the Democrats loudly criticized and protested and now everybody's complement in me saying, thaknhnk you very much. You are 100% correct. Could've been a whole different story. I said, let's get this righta. A virus starts in china, believed its way into various countries all around the world, does not spread widely at all in the United States because of the early actions that myself in my administration took against a lot of other wishes. And the Democrats single talking point, and you see it, is that it's donald trump's fault, right? None just things that happen. Things happen. Whoever thought of this. Two weeks ago who would've thought this would be going on, four weeks ago? But things happen in life and you have to be prepared and you have to be flexible and have to be able to go out and get it. My guys, we have the best professionals in the world, the best in the world and we are so ready. At the same time that I initiated the first federally mandated quarantine in over 50 years, we had to quarantine some people. They were not happy. They weren't happy about it. There are a lot of people not so happy but after two weeks they go happyt. You know who got happy, the people around them got happy/ I also created a white house virus task force. Is a big thing. I requested $2. 5 billion to ensure we have the resources we need. The Democrats said that's terrible. H'es doing the wrong thing. He needs 8. 5 billion. I ask for $2. 5 billion. I said, i'll take it. I'll take it. Never had that before. And I never had it. We want $2. 5 million. That's plenty. We demand you take 85. . 5. He doesn't know what he's doing. These people are crazy. We must understand that voter security is also health security. [cheering] and you've all seen the wall is going up like magic. It's going up like magic. You know think was an easy one? That was not an easy one. It's going up great and we are up now 132 miles. And this is , the exact wall that border security wanted, everything. This is everything they wanted. 132 miles already. We will have 500 miles built by very early next year sometime. [cheering] one of the reasons the numbers is no good. We will do everything in our power to keep the infection and those carrying the infection from entering our country. We have no choice. Whether it is the virus that we are talking about our many other public health threats, the Democrat policy of open borders is a direct threat to the health and well-being of all americans. None you see it with the coronavirus. You see it. You see it with the coronavirus. You see that. When you have this virus or any other virus or any other problem coming in, not the only thing that comes in through the border and we are setting records now at the order. None just using this, so important, right? So important. I'm doing well in the polls despite the worst fake news and worst presidential harassment in the history of the United States. We've got phenomenal numbers. [cheering] it's true. The worst presidential harassment in history. We had a great event yesterday. An event that was so beautiful. Young, african-american leaders. One of the things I asked them , i've been thinking about this for a long time , great people, some of them are here tonight , do you like the name african-american or black? And they said black all at the same time. True. Because you say african-american or black. They said almost immediately like black. But we had an incredible group of people. And what happened is nbc, with such a lovefest. It when on for 45 minutes. It was a lovefest. Nbc turned , there they are right there. C[r[crowd booing] they turned down , comcast which owns nbc. We call it ms-dnc. But nbc, I think is worse than cnn. I actually do. And comcast, a company that spends millions of millions of dollars on their image, i'll do everything possible to destroy their image because they are , they are terrible. [cheering] they are a terrible group of people. They piadaid me a fortune for years for "the apprentice. " they paid me a fortune. When I left the show, was doing great, when I left the show, 14 seasons, think of that. Got a big movie star. When not tell you his name , will not tell you his name. Nobody would know his name because he was on for such a short time. But the show went down the tubes very quickly. But the country and five years from now, five years or nine years or 13 years , [cheering] or 18 years. 10 more years. Naw. They go crazy when you say it. When you say, when you say to them five more years. Five. But you then say, maybe nine, maybe 13, may be 17, maybe 21, who knows? [cheering] maybe 20. Let's do this. Let's term limit ourselves that 25 year , at 25 years. No more than 25. They'll pass something in the senate. Can passive in the senate with lindsay. A 25 year term limit, please. No. We're looking to do a great job. We need that extra five to get everything solidified. You know, it is like you take a tree, any planted. Need some time to grab on. That's what we need. We have incredible things we have done. Things we still can do, but we have done much more than we even promised we would do if you think, all of that. [cheering] while the extreme left has been wasting america's time with these vile hoaxes, we have been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, and acting fair trade deals, securing our border and lifting up citizens of every race, religion, color, crand creed. We added another 225,000 last month alone. And that makes 7 million jobs since our election, 7 million. The unemployment rate in the great state of south carolina, you ever hear that? [cheering] now, sleepy joe would say the unemployment rate and the great state of ohio , no, no, your in south carolina. Joe, your in south carolina. No, no. South carolina. It is not ohio. Ok. He goes, did you say iowa? No. No. He did that like seven times. If I did that once it would be the end of the road, right? They'd think trump has lost it. I like to say that anyone. These. People are bad people sleeping joe. He's running tomorrow. But can you imagine if I said just a small fraction of the mistakes week you , mistakes he makes, every speech. I was watching him when he said about half the population wiped out with guns. I said, that is a horrible thing. That is the end of his evening, that is the end of his political career. Then, after the debate they are revealing, joe biden had a great night last night. I don't get it, tim. The unemployment rate here in south carolina has fallen to 2. 3%, the lowest rate in your states history. [cheering] the lowest rate in all of America. True. The lowest rate in all of America. I said to a friend of mine, a democrat, how's the race going tomorrow? Who is going to? He said something, this guy is a little political pro, even though he is a Democrat. I said, who is going to win? He said, honestly, sir. It does not matter. You are so far ahead in south carolina that it is meaningless. Meaningless. That is what they said. And in north carolina, too. In north carolina. We've destroy the Isis territorial caliphate. [cheering] we killed the founder and leader of Isis. Al-baghdadi is dead. He's dead. He's dead! He's dead! And we recently took out the world's top terrorist, caps on solomon , quassam soleimani, ending his evil rain of terror forever. But as, we keep in winning, washington Democrats keep on losing their minds. They have gone crazy. I mean, nervous nancy p are crying chuck schumer. Bunch of losers. The good citizens of south carolina. Have had a front row seat to the extremism of the Democrat candidates, whether it is this character that nobody ever heard of. I thought I knew all the wealthy people. This guy tom steyer, mr. Impeachment. How did that work out, tom? Hey, he spent millions and millions of dollars in iowa. Millions. He got less than 1%. 1/3 of 1%. I wrote a note. It said, tom, it is not so easy doing what I did, is it? Not so easy. [cheering] not so easy. All you have to do is ask mini mike. He was in there for a fortune. He wished he never started. Mini mike. He wished he never started. He said, well, trump can do it. I'm going to do it, too. Unfortunately, it's not working out too well. Was that the worst debate performance and history? [laughter] I turned on , you know they had a big audience. Everybody wanted to see whether or not he was doing what we are supposed to be doing up here. turned out to be a total catastrophe. A had 35 million people, that is a big audience. Very big. What a killer. But this guy steyer, he spends all this money. He is not that wealthy. He spends all of this money and he you should not , you should not waste your vote on him tomorrow. I have to be honest. By the way, other republicans allowed to vote anyway? Are you ready? You ready? Let's do it together. I assume this is ok for my campaign finance standpoint. Lindsay, tim, our great Congressman. Are we allowed? Am I allowed to request? First we have to figure out who would be the weakest candidate against President trump. And then, if it is legal, if it's permissible by law, because they have so many little booby-traps but they only like getting the republicans. Democrats skirt, right? Will see what happens about that. But let me ask you this, lindsay, tim. You are pros. These are two of the greatest guys I know. So, let me ask you this. So, I don't know what the record attendance is in this arena, but I was totally broken by a lot. , broke it by a lot. You get the people outside. Are we allowed to tell them who we would like them to vote for? So, wait a minute. Let's do a poll. We do this for the fake news back there. Ready? Who would be the best candidate for us, not for them? Ready? Ready? So, let's go through them just quickly. We won't include steyer because he is a loser. He's out. We won't include him. Who would be the best? This is a real poll. This is not one of those fake poll , taken by, fox, the worst pollster. This guy, this pollster hates trump's gut. I was losing the last election by a fortune. He did great with women. Everything was run. They never replace this guy , everything was wrong. First we will go. Let's say sleepy joe. So, right? Then we will go crazy bernie then we go mini mike. I think mini mike is out of it. I think he is out of it. Should we include mini mike? He's gone. He is not in your election anyway. So, mini mike. I hear mini mike, has left, he is basically given up. He gave up! He gave up! [cheering] now, I hope what I just said keeps him in. He'll stay in because I do not want to be wrong. Mike, it is time to go home. Go home and enjoy your life. Spend some money on something. Let's just go. Do you agree? Pocahontas, we can forget about her, right? Pocahontas. I came out with that name far too early. Because , bernie. Lindsay, so horrible to people. They said, she is not dumb. But she is just so damn mean. We cannot vote for her. She is mean. So, pocahontas, do we leave her in or out? How about klobuchar? Not going to happen. So, really, we're down to two candidates, right? Sleepy joe biden and crazy bernie. So, this is the poll. I guarantee you this. As much as they hate me, they are going to hate me. We have a poll of like it 30 5,000 people inside out. Are you ready? Whose the weaker of the two. I'm not interested in who does better. Wait. So, ready? In other words, who do I want to run against? Meaning, meaning very simple, we put it into simple linkage. Who, language. Who the hell is easier to beat? For us to beat? Crazy brenie? , crazy bernie? [cheering] or sleepy joe? [cheering] I don't know. I think may be crazy bernie has little bit =-. Once more, just quick. Ready? He said, it doesn't matter. You will beat them up. I hope so. So, who is easier to beat? Crazy bernie? [cheering] or sleepy joe? [cheering] they think bernie is easier to beat. So, whether it is bernie sanders plans to eliminate private health care. Elizabeth warren's plan, I told you I had more indian blood in m e, than her, even know I h ave none. Zero. I said I have more indian blood in me than she has. And she choked. She higher this company and went out and did a blood test. 1000. So, that means I probably won somewhere down the line one million years ago. I'm telling you. That was horrible. She choked. We do not want a person who wins that chokes. We don't want a dhchoke artist. One thing he will say about me as I am not a choker. They are after me for years. We cannot have chokers as your President. Elizabeth warren's plan to eliminate america's borders or mini mike's plan to eliminate the second amendment and take away your guns? How about that? Mini mike once a take away your guns. The insanity of the Democrat party is why millions of registered Democrat voters are joining our movement. They are joining our great new republican party. [cheering] this november we are going to take back the house. We are going to hold the senate. And we are going to keep the white house. [cheering] I wonder what they say when they go down the road nac these groups of 200 , and they see these groups of 200 people. Seriously I wonder what they say uh, joe biden had a fabulous crowd today. So fabulous that there is like five people. They'll leave and they will say, President trump had a smattering of applause. They use the word smattering a lot. Let's let them hear it. This is not a smattering. This is a big. This is not a smattering. Turn the cameras. That's not a smattering. [cheering] that is not a smattering. I hate it. They say, Donald Trump it in india, hate to say this because they have 129,000 seat stadium. Did you see it? The place was packed. He gave me credit for 100,000. That was not bad. 129. A field about three times , the biggest stadium, it's cricket. I was with the prime minister of india, modi, great guy. Loved by the people of india and we had an amazing thing. And here is the problem. This is a big crowd. Normally I like talking about mike ross because I get crowds like , but I just get back from 140 or 150,000 and now I am coming here. What is this place hold, 15? It is hard to be enthused. You understand to that. I may never be excited again about a crowd after going to india. But they have , think of this, they have 1. 5 billion people. We have 350. We're doing pretty well. But I love this crowd. And I love that crowd, too. Tell you, they have a great love , they have a great love. They have a great leader and they have a great love for the people of this country. . that was really worthwhile trip. With us tonight are both of your incredible u. s. Senators, two incredible friends, two warriors. Senator lindsey graham and Senator tim scott. Come up here. [cheering] [cheering] you know as they're doing that, I was almost going to do a poll. But we're not doing that. Ubtbut lindsay is a true fighter of your state. As the chairman of the senate judiciary, you know that, right? Here's the chairman of the senate judiciary committee. So important. So important. Senator graham has been leading the charge to help us confirm a record number of judges to uphold the constitution. [cheering] and lindsay was amazing, you remember for justice brett kavanaugh. Remember how badly , great job, lindsay. Great job, man. Thank you. Senator scott is a leading , super star. [cheering] he is a superstar. But he is a leader in lowering health care costs like nobody has done it. People don't know but in the last year prescription drug prices came down for the first time in 51 years. [cheering] and that was with no Democrat help. If we had their help we could low invite 50%. , lower it by 50%. But we will get their help. One of these days they are going to get smart. Senator scott provides world-class care for our veterans. What he has done for our veterans is incredible. And bringing investments to distressed communities across our country through opportunity zones, including 135 right here in south carolina. That is what it is. Tim scott came with to my office with an idea. Opportunity zone. Tim, what the health is that? He went to the whole thing. I said, this baby could work. We tried it. It is an incredible success. And what he is done for this country is incredible. It's incredible. Lindsay, we'll start with lindsay. Say a few words, please. Welcome to south carolina, mr. President. You know why you're going to win? You have been a damn good President. Thank you for 200 conservative judges. Thank you for justice kavanaugh and justice gorsuch. Thank you for rebuilding the military and killing the terrorists. Thank you for the storm as the economy in my lifetime. And thank you more than anything else for putting up with the never ending bullshit you have to go through. [cheering] well, that was quite a display, wasn't it? None there is a lot of love in this room. A lot of people, friends of mine they are very successful they say, how do you speak in front of 25,000 people and 10,000 people in all of this? You know what, there is so much love in the room is easy. No, it's true. They don't understand that. But I say there is such unbelievable love in the room that it is easy to do. Very easy. [cheering] it is sort of easy to do. We're also thrilled to be joint by many more great leaders from across the state. And as some of you may be know, I like this guy for a long time, governor henry mcmaster. Come up, henry. Come up, henry. Representative joe Wilson. Jeb , william timmons, ralph dohring, tom rice, and the chairman of the south carolina republican party drew mckissick. [cheering] hi, fellas. And, as I introduce somebody, i'll just say stay there because it was great but he got hit hard. He's a very special man, retired marine corps major General. And most of you know, he received the congressional medal of honor, James e. Livingston. James, just relax. Where's James? He got hit hard. [applause] thank you, James congressional medal of honor winner. Thank you, James. They are great, brave people. You know, we have the congressional medal of honor, and we have the presidential medal of freedom. And they are both the highest awards, one civilian, one is military and I would say getting the presidential medal of freedom is much less painful, because when a read them off, like with James and with so of , so many of the congressional medal of honors, many are not living. I'll ready whe where one of them going up a hill hit 19 time spine gunfire, grabbing four people, getting onto a helicopter, falling out of the helicopter, hitting a tree on the way down. Hitting a tree. They went back and saved him, but he died later. I mean, those are tough deals. Those are tough deals. We have one right here who is living. We have one right here who is living. But they are tough. So, thank you very much for being here. And maybe I could ask our governor, our great governor of this incredible state to say a few words. Please, henry? Who is the greatest President in the whole world whom we love more than anybody in the world? They love you. None what is the name of the President who loves your. Very much. And where is allen. Is your son here, your great son attorney General? Allen, thank you very much. Take good care of him, ok? Thank you, allen. Thanks to republicans all over America we are now working on things that nobody ever thought possible. Since by election, over 121,000 new jobs that in created right here in south carolina. , have been created right here in south carolina. We've lifted 10 million people off welfare, including 7 million off of food stamps. That's a good thing, not a bad thing. They are working, they have great jobs and they love getting up in the morning and they are making much more money. And it costs our country nothing. We make money. They pay taxes. Median household income has reached the highest level in the history of our country. The unemployment rate nationwide has hit the lowest rate in over 50 years. The average unemployment rate for my administration is the lowest for any u. s. President in recorded history. How about that one? That's a good one. The unemployment rate among african-americans, hispanic americans and asian americans has reached record lows. Black youth on a plumbing has reached , unemployment has reached an all-time low. Black poverty levels are the lowest ever recorded in the history of our country. For decades Democrat politicians betrayed african-americans, they forced their children into failing schools. They shipped their jobs to foreign countries. They push their on fair sentencing policies, you know about alice. You know alice? And they favored illegal aliens over their own constituents. You know that. That is been happening for a long , my administration is reversing these failed policies and delivering record gains for african-american. We are going to compete for every single vote in 2020. And we expect it win an , to win an historic share of the black vote come election day. [cheering] we are supporting working families by fighting paid , we got something nobody thought could happen. Paid family leave, reducing the cost of childcare and giving 40 million americans an average of $2200 in their pocket thanks to the republican child tax credit. Republican, not Democrat. We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that decimated manufacturing all across your state in all across our country. For years politicians sold you out to global special-interests, enriching other countries at your expense. That ended. That ended. But I am not the President of the flglobe. I do not want to be the President the world. I am the President of the United States of America. Last month we finally ended the nafta catastrophe. I signed the brand-new u. s. -mexico-canada agreement into law. The usmca is a tremendous giant, beautiful victory for south carolina farmers, ranchers, manufactures all across the state. Nothing like it. What you had to go through with nafta. Everybody was leaving. It was a disgrace that was ever signed. You know it better than anybody. You had those empty hulks all over the country all over the states. All over the world we are demanding trade that is fair and my all time favorite word reciprocal. Reciprocal. Got to be fair. After years of building up other countries we are finally rebuilding our country. We are finally putting America first. Washington Democrats sold out the American people on the issue of immigration. Every Democrat running for President supports free federal welfare fertile , for illegal aliens, funded by you. They want to treat illegal aliens, people who come into our country illegally, better than they want to treat our military and our veterans. Not only does illegal immigration drain our treasury, but it is a threat. I was invited , I invited to the white house the granddaughter of a 92-year-old woman who was raped, beaten, brutalized by an illegal alien who had previously been set free in new york city. Here in charleston county an illegal alien was recently charged with sexually assaulting a young girl in the fourth grade. In another county, police captured a previously deported ms-13 gang member who shot a man to death before dowsing the body and gasoline and setting him on fire and he should never have been in our country. He should not have been allowed. [crowd chanting build that wall] it is being built. It is being built. By the way, in case you have not heard, it is being built. That you know. They are going to go nuts, they thought they got me. They said, have you heard them recently? He is building the wall. You think it is easy getting that kind of money to build a wall when I have a party and a deep state and never trumpers , they are a dying breed though, on respirators. Mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. You can do it, I am not doing it. You think it is easy, it is not. You know what they say now, he is building a wall but mexico is not paying for it. They are, they are. Some of the fake news knows that. It is ok, you will see what is going on. Right now they have 27,000 soldiers on our border. They only do that for trump. They do not do that for sleepy joe or krazy bernie and they do not do that for mini mike. They are only doing that for trump. This reasoning of the country alone I saw they have been treated so badly. Tough guys in here, but those officers go into the nests, these guys that they gather I have to be very careful, I do not want to get them in trouble. The press wants us to be very politically correct. None change it around. They go into a nest of ms-13 and say, hello gentlemen, how are you? And on occasion they have a fight. They never lose those fights. We need people like that. [applause] hello, gentlemen. How are you? How many people did you kill last year, with a knife? They like knives because they are more painful. These are the people we were leading into our country. I have taken them out of our country by the thousands. Last year i. c. e. Officers arrested thousands charged with dangerous offenses including robbery, rape, and a thing called murder. On wednesday we won the big case in federal court, did you see that? We won the case unanimously in federal appeals court. We do not have to give money to sanctuary cities and states if they do not work with us. None yet the Democrat candidates oppose all detention of illegal aliens. They want unfettered catch and release. We had that program, it was not easy. We have to go through courts. Everything is a suit. We turn to the right, they sue us. We turn to the left, they sue us. We have 218 judges now. None preface that by saying, I know they give their opinions. It bears no relationship. I never win with an obama appointed judge, ever. I do not win. We have great judges going onto the court. They are fair, judges that love our constitution. [applause] they are judges that if we feel it is right, they do not want to invite the world to trespass across our borders. The Democrat field supports deadly sanctuary cities release violent criminal aliens. You know that, all you have to do is pick up a paper every day. They release these horrible criminals to terrorize our communities. We do not do that anymore, we will not let it happen. We do not have to give sanctuary cities and states the money they want. It is a game changer. They do not even want to report it. They keep talking about the virus. Is trump doing a good job? Oh, I don't think so. Chucky schumer, he is not doing a good job. This guy does not know he is alive. Republicans believe America should be a sanctuary for law-abiding americans, not for criminal aliens. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal order crossings by a staggering 75% since last spring and we have ended catch and release permanently. You know I catch and release is? We catch them, grab them, say, can we please have your address? They don't have an address. Could we have a number, do you have a phone? Could we call your mother or father and say in ofur , four years you have to come to court? They get some information, and then we release them into our country. We do not do that anymore. We catch them and we take the information and we release them and say, please report back. Four years from now, for your trial. About 2% come back and they are the dumbest people I have ever seen. 2%. Nobody comes back. It is crazy, but we are getting it changed. It would be so easy, they are called loopholes. It would be so wheezy if we had Democrats aboard. We do not have any democrats' support. They do not care about crime. Border patrol has seized the largest amount of narcotics in the history of this country this year. We have reported record numbers of gang members. We are building the wall faster than ever and will soon be building more than one mile a day. Washington Democrats have never been more extreme. 132 congressional Democrats have signed up for bernie sanders health care takeover. They want to take over health care while the washington Democrats are trying to destroy health care and your social security. That is what is going to happen. My administration is protecting your social security, medicare and fighting to give you great health care. And we are defending your right to keep the doctor and your plan of choice. Remember what obama would say? You can keep your doctor and your plan. He said you can keep your doctor in your plan. Well, he lied. We should impeach him. We should impeach him for that, he lied 28 times. Doing a great job. We killed the individual mandate, which is the most unbelievable, horrible , and it is not obama care anymore, but we are running the whole government and trying to kill it entirely. We will put it back and you will have great health care and pre-existing conditions will be protected. Pre-existing conditions will be totally protected. We are making health care better and cheaper, while premiums more than doubled in the five years before I took office, we are offering plans already up to 60% less expensive than the old obamacare and better. We are stopping surprise medical billing. I signed an executive order imposing price transparency because when providers are required to show their prices, which they do not have to do, but now they do, those same prices fall very fast. We have approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs which are just as good as the namebrand drugs, but at a tiny fraction of the cost. They are just as good. I always like a namebrand. There is no difference probably. We have totally transformed veterans health care, getting along , long sought v. a. Accountability after 50 years. Hopefully nobody in this great arena needs it, but we have passed something they said could not happen, the spectacular right to try. You know what that is. If you are terminally ill you could go over the world, but if you have no money you go home and die. Terminally ill, they go all over the world if they have money, to asia, Europe. Finding the greatest doctors, labs in the world. Pipelines of drugs coming for different problems. Now you sign a piece of paper, we are not going to hold anyone liable, you get to use that drug and the results have been unbelievable. Hopefully you do not need it, but now we have right to try. They have been trying 51 years to get that approved. We got it approved. I guess I am good at adding things approved, aren't I? Those people I brought appear where the reason, every one of them. They were incredible. [applause] we are combating the opioid epidemic, drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 32 years. We have launched new initiatives combating kidney disease, which is a big deal. Kidney disease is so tough. People die from so much work, overwork. It is crazy. In theory they could go for a long time, but dialysis and all the stuff they have to do. We have made it easier and it is such an honor to be involved. Also, alzheimer's disease, we are making strides. It is a great thing. We are pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for america's youngest patients and breaking all records in so doing. Virtually every Democrat candidate declared their unlimited support for extreme late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the moment of birth. That is why I asked Congress to prohibit late-term abortion of babies because republicans believe every child is a sacred gift of God. The Democrat party is a party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortions, socialism, blatant corruption and total obliteration of your second amendment. The republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and of course, the late, great abraham lincoln. [applause] republicans are fighting citizens from every background, every community and every walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy and enthusiasm. We are a big party. We are the party of big ideas for the future. This is where it is. This is where it is. This is not the old republican party. This is a very inclusive party. This is a great party. Republicans are proudly fighting for nationwide school choice, including right here in south carolina. We want to give school choice to every child in America who needs it from kindergarten to 12th grade because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. I passed criminal justice reform to give former visitors a second chance at life. That is a big deal. This could not have been done by anyone but the republican party. They came to me, a group of people, and they wanted criminal justice reform. I was not sure about the issue, but we had a lot of great republicans in favor of it, including people that are here today. I started studying the issue and criminal justice reform, you saw alice johnson come out of prison. 22 years. She had another 20 years left for a phone call. A great woman, but we have many people coming out that should not be there anywhere near those terms, not for those terms. They came to see me, a group of people. They needed four senators. They needed help. I called everybody. They needed four senators, maybe five, and help with some of the ones not moving in the right direction and I gave it to them and got it and it was not easy. We have criminal justice reform. Then a program that gets no readings at all and they say, van jones wants to take everyone for criminal justice reform. I called our great first lady and said darling, please take a look. It will be nice. They could not have done close without me. I got all these people together, it was impossible. Previous presidents could not even think about doing it and they tried. So he gets up and starts by saying, I want to thank the reverend al sharpton. [crowd booing] I knew al when he was very heavy. He looks better when he was heavy, one of the few people. Looked much better when he was heavy. I have to tell him. Because I know him well. He has a lot of respect for the president, but he cannot admitted on television. He says I want to thank the reverend al sharpton. Name after name of people I have never heard of. My wife said, are they going to think about you? I said, darling, of course. He is saving me until the end. This is true. I said, he is saving me until the end. It will be an honor to be recognized because I do not get enough publicity. I need a little bit more. He got to the end and he did not say it. She started to smile. I think she loved it, in a certain way. She said, it is too bad. Then he set I have one more thing to say. We must get out this year and fight and vote against this President of the United States. Can you believe it? [crowd booing] true story. So I was a little embarrassed in front of our great first lady, but I will live through it somehow. I recognized israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. We recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights, 52 years. 52 years in gold line heights they have been fighting and fighting for it , golan he ights, they have been fighting and fighting for it. How many presidents have promised they would do that? They never did it. I did it. We invested more than 2 trillion dollars in the u. s. Military including more than $150 million this year in charleston, fort jackson and parris island. And we created the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the space force. We have another branch, 72 years. Not for 72 years, the air force. When I first said it, everyone thought it was joking like from the comic strips or the future movies. I said it is all about space. In a number of years people will say, I cannot believe we did not do this sooner. We need vision and foresight. When I mentioned space force, at arenas like this it gets one of the biggest hands. That is where it is at, and where it is going, fortunately or unfortunately. We needed for defense and offense. 72 years. For years we watched politicians apologize for America. Now you have a President standing up for America and standing up for the people of south carolina. At stake in our battle is the survival of our nation. You see these maniacs we are dealing with. They want to give away everything. We will end up being venezuela, large-scale version. If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of americans have fought and died for to secure, we must devote everything we have for victory in november of 2020. November 3, to be exact. Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the swamp. I never thought it was this deep. Man. I talked about a swamp, you never told me it was this bad, fellas. That swamp is bad, you have dirty cops at the top of the fbi, a lot of dirty people. But you also have phenomenal people in the fbi and other places. But we are draining that swamp. I never knew it would be that dirty. We are getting a lot of help from a lot of great people. With your help we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare work, from dependence to independence and from poverty to prosperity. From poverty to prosperity. Look at some of the stories you have, some of the incredible stories. Look at tim scott, that incredible story. I give 99% of the credit to tim scott's mother. I do. I guarantee you, tim, there were no games and your households. It was, let's go to work. Great mother, thank you very much. Together we will elect a republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration. We will continue to enact through trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase "made in the usa. " we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and finding new cures for childhood cancer, infectious diseases like we are working on right now and ending the aids epidemic. Nobody thought this was possible. In less now than nine years. We will end the aids epidemic. Who would have thought we could do that? We will land the first woman on the moon and be the first nation in the world to plant our flag on mars. Have to land on the moon before you go to mars. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. Above all we will numbers , never stopped fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respects our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto, "in God we trust. " from greenville to columbia, from myrtle beach to hilton head, to write here in charleston, this state is home to some of the toughest men and strongest women to walk on the face of the earth. We stand on the shoulders of American patriots who have crossed the oceans, blazed trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the panama canal, lay down the railroads, revolutionized industry, liberated millions from poverty, hunger and disease, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater every single day. [applause] [crowd chanting usa] proud citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion and drive. We are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. You have the best year ever on record, best year you have ever had. Great congress, greatest year you have ever had, but some in south carolina are getting tired , I am surprised to hear this, of winning. And some called two great senators into a town hall and said, Senator scott, Senator lindsey graham, we are tired of winning in south carolina. Can't do it anymore. It is too much. We have had years when we were not winning and it was ok. We could not get jobs, we took it easy. We just want you to go and sit in front of the President and represent us and say, mr. President, south carolina is tired of winning. We do not want to win anymore. We are tired, sick of winning. They are going to come in and say, the people of south carolina do not want to win anymore. I will say, mr. Senators, let me tell you something. South carolina does want to win more than anybody. We are not going to change a thing because we are winning like never before and we will keep it that way. Sorry, senators. Go back to south carolina, because we are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before. None of south carolina, the best is yet to come. The best is yet to come. Because together we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America crowd again. We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, south carolina. Thank you.