ID: CSPANDT212202039
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Las Vegas
Date: 2020-02-21

Thank you very much and low las vegas. They have a big election tomorrow. We have already won the state. I like ours better. We just take it. They say they will have a lot of problems and I hate to tell you this. Have you heard? I heard their computers are messed up like I will. They will not be able to count the votes. Mabel tell you about the military, jet fighters, missile rockets and they can't count votes, but they are saying they may not be able to do it again. They are trying to tell us. I called up by what and said they are getting close. They say the same thing may happen tomorrow. I hope it doesn't. I am delighted to be back in the state I love. I have a building right down the road. You have to say nevada. You say it wrong, they go what the hell? With your help this november, we are going to beat the radical socialist them are kratz in a big, beautiful landslide -- radical, socialist Democrats in the big, beautiful landslide. We have special people here. We celebrate one of the greatest moments in the history of sports. Some people say it was the single greatest moment in history of sports. It was called the miracle on Ice. That was when the russians had 18. Was probably they say the greatest team ever assembled and our guys played a practice game with them a couple of weeks before and I hate to tell you, the score was 10-3. This team was an incredible team and they women and it was amazing. Tomorrow marks the 40 years since the United States men's hockey team defeated then soviet union team in the 1980 olympics. . That was incredible. Most of you remember. We have a lot of young ones, but we have a lot of people that remember that. By the way, we have the olympics coming back, coming to los angeles. Thank you, President trump. Eight years, 2028. Unless I am still President which is a distinct possibility, I won't be here. I will say how is the olympics going? Does anyone have a ticket for the President deck out the look fix to come here. They will say I want to thank them they will thank hundreds of people and they won't think the President even though i'm the one that pulled it off. It is coming to los angeles. It will be great. We worked with the mayor of los angeles. We had a lot of help. I was president-elect because the President did not want to get involved. They were happy we got involved. It is going to be very great. We are thrilled to have with us today 14 players from that gold-medal team. Give them a big hand. They were based in said this was a big crowd and I said only because you are coming. We gave you almost no notice and we have house and the people inside, thousands of people outside. We were in iowa, new hampshire, you saw what happened in colorado. It was unbelievable. Every place we go it is the same, incredible. I don't know if you saw the pictures last night of the outside, you could have as -- you could have filled that arena for time. -- four times. We have to deal with the rest of the world and get my people back , but we have a lot of time. I would like to invite these sports legends on stage and captain mike. Where is he? Do you know who she is -- who he is? Mia good athlete and a good golfer -- mia good athlete and a good golfer -- mia good golfer and a good athlete -- am I a good golfer and a good athlete? That was great. Goaltender jim craig. Come here, jim. Great goaltender. Written not know what was happening. How many does you rebuff? 37? Was that the greatest game you ever played? It was slightly important. 37. Bill baker, dave christian, ken morrow, jack o'callaghan, mike ramsey,. Those legs took a beating. Mark wells, neal, John harrington, rob mcclanahan, buzz schneider, dave silk, silver cotton -- bill -- phil and a great assistant coach at the time, craig Patrick. They said four more years. 12 more years. Mike, look at the fake news back there. I always say, that is like the academy awards used to be. This year we had a movie and they said best movie. They announced a movie from south korea. I never saw that one before. They used to call it best foreign movie. I don't get it. This is really an incredible time. That is why it -- I like things that we do. We have the greatest people, greatest military by far. We totally rebuilt our military, jobs are booming, factories are returning, confidence is story -- soaring. We do have someone. We had a coach and I would like to have one of you say a few words about coach brooks. As do those cheers -- tears. Mike were saying he was brutal, but he was a good guy? Tough, but great. Thank you all, greatest sports story, could be number one. A lot of people, and a lot of these sports experts, sportswriters have voted that as the single greatest sporting event or athletic achievement. Certainly top five in the history of our country. We have a lot of things we've done to break records stop I want to thank that great team for being with us. This is a big day, the anniversary. In my state of the union address, I probably declared we are in the midst of the great American comeback and we're just getting started. After three years of ridiculous which fund -- witchhunts -- I see these do-nothing Democrats. They said today that putin wants to be sure that trump is elected will stop here we go again. Did you see it? Does that include crooked hillary said chelsea gabbard -- tulsi gabbard, she was a russian agent and also just signed, I never met the woman. She is a green party candidate or was in she said agent of Russia. I don't know her and I don't know tulsi. The only thing I know is they are not agents of Russia. They are sick. I was told a week ago and they said they are trying to start a rumor, it is disinformation. Do-nothing democrats, putin wants to make sure I get elected. Doesn't he want to see the Democrats are? Wouldn't they rather have bernie who honeymooned in moscow? These people are crazy. They don't think about the country, think about jobs, lowering the infrastructure, these people are crazy. Trust me, I like what we are doing and I love this country. At the same time, we want to get along with russia, we want to get along with all these countries. These people are sick. The radical attempts to poison our democracy and overturned the last election has ended in a big failure. You saw today, single best day I ever had in the polls. And any poll the fake news gives you, the real numbers are higher, but wisconsin, I was leading by many points against everyone. We have a new one, many mike -- mini mike. What happened? Michael would like to know. How about that pocahontas screening at him. She forgot that she lied about her own heritage. She said she was an indian because she had high cheekbones. That was the only thing. Remember I said I have more than she has in I have none. She went out and got a report done. 1/1024. That means are probably do have more and why didn't he bring that up when she was screaming at him? Because he was gasping for breath. I can't breathe, she is hitting me too hard. Pocahontas won that debate because mike could not respond. That is what they all said. They all said, who won the debate? From. -- trump. The way I look at it when fake news cnn, I know the operators. They scream get the camera off, alright i'm sorry -- msnbc, worse than cnn and they are owned by people that are really bad for our country. The owners of comcast, bad for our country. They have all these pr things to keep their image nice and clean. I think in the old days you had licenses. A bunch of dishonest people, comcast, terrible company, terrible people and I had celebrity apprentice for 14 seasons and they used to come to my office and kiss my ass, please sign. It is an interesting story they came. You know who signed me? Jeff zucker. I signed and nbc is owned by comcast and they thought the show would be a total fire so they only signed me for one season. It went to number one. I have the number one show in all of television. It was phenomenal and the final episode, do you remember that? It was a tremendous success, but here I was and they did not even want to waste the ink. They did not do it, you stupid people, so they paid me very little. There was ok, it was fun. Arnold schwarzenegger said some very nice things. I had it on and said i'm going to run for president, but I will never forget, I do not know anything. I had an agent and he said I don't want you to sign, no business show has ever done well. I had a problem, I should the hand of a body and I agreed, no business type show had ever succeeded. The show started at 10:00, became the number one show and the agent called me up and said, I remember it was 6:00 in the morning and said the show just went to number one. I would love to see you because I think i'm entitled to more money. You did not want me to do the show. I said I like you very much, you are fired, get out. I have 14 great seasons over about 11 years because it was so successful. Remember when they did the three hours. Gone with the wind is shorter. They had it on for three weeks, we did fantastic. Comcast did great, nbc did great. That was the time when I knew I was going to run. Whether you are rich or not, that is a lot of money. I said no, i'm going to run for President and I did that. People that did not have good ratings. If you have good ratings, you can treat them like garbage and if you have bad ratings, you can say I really respect to so much. Comcast is a run company and they are worse than cnn. I will say that right now. Comcast is worse than cnn because that is their beautiful maiden name. I will to you something about cnn, jake tapper, I know you don't like him. I think his wife like him -- like them. -- like him -- likes him. He put out a couple of social media post. We are number one on twitter, number one on facebook, so it is powerful, but jake tapper put out some things that the new russian things, putin wants to be sure. Jake tapper said it is not so and if he did say that, they can turn them around or when zucker season and says I want that deleted, but he did say I respect that because it is another hoax. We are standing up for the defense of our constitution, for our freedom and democracy itself. I've got to get that. I love the shirt. Can you please welcome up, even if you have about five? Come here, you have to do this shirt. I love it. I have to order ones that I have to write around -- ride around. He is a good fan, I guess. You have to see this shirt. Is there any place more fun than a trump rally? How many rallies have you been to? 80, he said 80. Come up here. Look at these guys. These are serious fans. Are you with him? You are with him? Come up here. [inaudible] thank you. I just said how long have you two been together? Can you believe this? They both got lucky. There's so much stuff out here, it is genius. While the extreme left has been wasting america's time with viral hoaxes, we have been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, securing our border, lifting up citizens of every race, religion and creed. As you heard, we added another 225,000 new jobs last month alone, way above anticipated schedule. That makes 7 million new jobs since the election. The number was supposed to be 2 million and I gave 7 million. I have to be careful because the fake news will say. The Democrats them have to be, but they have to be. We have destroyed the Isis territory 100%. We killed the founder and leader of Isis. Al-baghdadi is dead. 17 years they look for him. 17 years. Al-baghdadi, one of the first things, he is the founder of Isis and I said you have got to knock it off. We were at 96%, then 99%. I said let some of the other countries do it. We wait and stayed, we got 100%. They said he left soldiers in syria, to keep the oil. We should have done that in iraq. You remember the whole thing. I said you have to find al-baghdadi. If they use their genius, they can take nothing, a perfect phone call made to the ukrainian President said there was no pressure. They can take this perfect call, thank goodness I have a transcriber because the fake whistleblower said that call was totally different, so when I release the transcripts they never thought I would do it. I had no choice, I had to show they are liars. They can take something like that, a perfect phone call and make something up and they ended up today from page new york times. They used to call it is column. It was a big deal. After I am gone, they will not have any columns. That is why they will eventually support me. Cnn, will be an obsolete business. Cable was supposed to be obsolete and now they are doing the highest numbers that have ever done. If an airplane goes down, they don't cover it. If it is not trump or trump related, then they don't cover it. If the ship goes down, they would not cover it unless I was on it. They will say before the election, we will endorse the President. Can you imagine if they had to cover mike? He will spend another $500 million. I spent $70 million and I won. I said it the other night in colorado, by spent $70 million and he has spent nearly 500 -- $500 million to get embarrassed by pocahontas and she is mean. Do you see the anger on her face, that nervous energy? Sure is that I want to see those agreements, this poor guy probably assigned 100 of them. Nobody told me this was going to happen. Nobody told me. Give me out of here. After debate -- the debate, he went back agent fired a bunch of people. Pocahontas was really mean, but she will be easy. She made a little come back, but it is not going to be her. It can't be buttigieg. Nobody knows who offer norman -- it is -- alfred norman. It is mad magazine. Nobody knows. That is only 15% of the crowd. He has to worry about his own city. It has gone to hell. He is not a bad debater. He is probably the best up there. Bernie is too emotional, screaming, going crazy and biden is angry. Everything is anger. That is what happens when you can't get the words out. You get angry because you can't get the words out. Can you imagine if that happened to me? He is very angry. Then you have tom steyer. Mr. Impeachment, how did that work out? Thank you for the great poll numbers between him and nancy. He spends $250 million and ends up with one third of a percent in iowa, but that could be rates because they still have no idea what he got. It said 1% and an arrow left. He spent $250 million. He was in the coal business. He made his money in the coal business. He is a fake. Remember when he walked up to bernie the other day? And he was having a fight with pocahontas. He said you can take the apprentice, survivor and other -- every other reality show, multiply it by 10000 and you still don't have what we have. And even the cast, you have the perfect president, perfect first lady. How about the first lady? You got the perfect did, the kid some of the most beautiful kid. -- perfect kid, the kid, some of the most beautiful kids. They had a great life before this. My beautifullyiva I -- beautiful ivanka, she was selling everything that could -- she said it doesn't matter. None come to washington and help people get jobs. That is her. She loves the company. When you leave a company, it doesn't do as well -- I wouldn't say I exactly helped, talking about the wall, but she left the company, came to washington and she said 500,000 jobs, that was her goal. She did that in the first month. She actually did. She has gotten these great companies like walmart and many others, exxon. She has gotten them to take billions of people. She is over 15 million jobs where they train and bring them into the company, 15 million. [applause and cheers] and she has got it figured out. Most people can't, but she does. All they do is give them heat, they work so hard. Could you imagine, you take biden's son -- could you imagine? The idea with all these big companies and these great countries, I think I could get my son's 25 board ships for millions of dollars a piece. But we don't do that stuff. We don't do it. The kid got $83,000 a month and didn't have a job until this President became Vice President. Speaking of vice presidents, and speaking of vice presidents, ok, i'm speaking also over talent -- reality television because this is the greatest show of all time. We told you last night, little changed, we are going to move it up from 8:00 in the evening until 12:00 in the afternoon. I have to get back to washington and work. I feel guilty. This is too much fun. Speaking of vice presidents, perfect vice presidents, you know, if you become president, the first thing you have to do is choose a really horrible Vice President. So if the idiots ever want to impeach you, they have to say, look who we have? I have the greatest in the world. I have the greatest Vice President. I don't know. [applause and cheers] I got the great one. I said I can't do that. I picked a great guy. He has done a fantastic job, but it is true. I could have picked, but I don't want to give your names, most of them out there, and I don't want to do that. But mike Pence has been great. Is it perfect casting? This is not about casting, this is about real life, but when Mark burnett said the greatest reality show of all times one million, that is exactly, except for one thing. We worked our asses off and we are doing things like nobody has ever done before. Nobody. [applause and cheers] right? [applause and cheers] so check out al-baghdadi -- we took out al-baghdadi and we just took out the world's top terrorist kassem solemani of iran, ending his evil rain of terror forever. He is the father of the roadside bomb. When you see our beautiful people walking around with no legs, they are walking and driving to walk so hard, and they are really in rough shape. Incredible job for doctors do at all to read and some -- walter reed and some of these hospitals. They get them to a place where they walk around, but it is hard. They lose legs and arms, that was soleimani. He thought it was a great thing. Where is he now? Soleimani. I will tell you what, you know who is happy about it, the people of Iran and the leaders, because the leaders of Iran were afraid of him, ok? In the fact is America is respected again. We are winning all over. We are winning in washington. The Democrats keep losing their minds. That is why millions of registered Democrat voters are leaving their party to join our movement. It is not even a party, it is a movement. They are joining the republican party. So we have a lot of -- look at the energy in this room. They are all fighters. They are all fighters. We are unified party. The republican party has never been unified like it is today. I can say, we are going to go over to the hilton or over to some place and we are going to do a rally at 8:00 tonight, we would have tens of thousands of people. Ronald reagan was great. I thought he was a great guy. And like his policy. It was ok, trade. If they came to las vegas, they would have maybe 1000 people. What we are doing, and I don't want to tell you this, this is not election season because we are nine months away. Election season is when you are two months away. We have more enthusiasm now, believe it or not, then we had before the -- than we had before the election in 2016. [applause and cheers] it is true, we have a great gentleman and woman with us, mr. And mrs. Sheldon adelson. Right over here. [applause and cheers] great person. Two great people. He has got so much money, he doesn't know what the hell to do with it. He owns the sands hotel. That is like one of his smaller businesses. He is a great guy. She is an incredible -- she is a doctor, and she studies addiction and drugs, all sorts of addictions. She knows more about that subject I think than anybody. He doesn't need the money she brings in. He happens to own the paper. You own the paper in town? They wanted like a couple hundred million dollars. He said give it to them, it is peanuts. We want to thank the adelsons, they have been incredible fans and they love israel. [applause and cheers] I just saw them sitting here. I didn't know they were here. Something. The chairman of the nevada publican party, he has really been great. He has been with me for a long time. He is a very committed man. Make America great again. Let's do a poll quick. I will never get mid -- get rid of maga, because I am superstitious. But we just hit a all-time high with the stock market. The greatest tax cuts in history, greatest regulation cuts. None ask you this. So make America great again sort of doesn't work as well so now we have keep America great. It is like a billboard. I call it the billboard. Let's go. I am very surprised by it. We are going to keep them both but I am curious if we did go to one, make America great again. [applause and cheers] keep America great. [applause and cheers] I would have said that is impossible. Make America great again is the greatest phrase -- a lot of people again, fake news will agree, the greatest phrase ever used in politics. It is the greatest phrase. Now what about the greatest phrase ever used in the history of politics and say, let's go with a new phrase. We have to keep maga, but now we have kag. I don't have the courage to get rid of the one. It would be too disrespectful. But Michael mcdonald, I want to thank you and the members of the nevada republican central committee. You are all here, great people. [applause and cheers] and a man came here, he loves us, rick harrison of the world-famous gold and silver pawn shop. Rick harrison. [applause and cheers] you better win, michael, otherwise that is the last time I am introducing you like that. I hear we are doing nicely, doing great and the union, I have a lot of respect for that union. I had a strike in my building during the election. The other -- to save three cents, I could have settled it. I wanted to save two dollars total. That was a brilliant move. And then we had some guy running. He wasn't too good. He didn't do too good, but we almost won the state despite. Thousands and thousands of union guys -- they wanted to show us, but I think the unions are really with us. The unions have been with us, the teamsters, because I am for the working man and woman whether you are union or nonunion. Some states are all union, some states are no union, but we get them all. I think we are going to have tremendous success in a lot of the Democrats are going to ruin the health care plans. The unions have worked hard on health care. Going to lose 180 million people off of great private health care. So we will see what happens but a lot of the Democrats want to do that. Together we are willing -- building the world's most prosperous economy and the most inclusive society. That is true. Over 125,000 new jobs have been created right here in nevada since my election including over 45,000 new construction jobs, a 30% increase. The national on appointment rate is the lowest -- unemployment rate is the lowest in half a century and soon we are going to have that be a historic number like so many of the other numbers for the average unemployment rate for my administration, the coolest of them all, is the lowest for any United States President and recorded history. [applause and cheers] that is pretty good. When I go to debate, they say we are going to do this -- we have the best unemployment numbers in the history of our country. African-american unemployment, hispanic american, we got a lot of hispanic. I love hispanic. [applause and cheers] who in this audience is hispanic? [applause and cheers] we are doing great. We should be doing great greater the lowest ever recorded, lowest unemployment rates ever recorded , asian-americans likewise the lowest ever recorded. The unemployment rate for women reached a lowest rate in 71 years. African-american, use unemployment has reached -- african-american youth unemployment has reached an all-time historic low. People I love, people I might have helped more than anybody because of choice and accountability, the veterans unemployment rate dropped to the lowest record, lowest in history. The unemployment rate for disabled americans has reached an all-time historic low. And you got to the member the fact they are checking every word going, he is right, he is right, he is right. I can't say it because I have all of these maniacs back there. He put the comma in the wrong place. He didn't make that word plural, therefore he lied. He lied. I got to be very accurate because all these numbers, they check them all. They are checking on the african-american unemployment, please. Please tell me, please tell me it is not historical. These people are among the most dishonest human beings on earth. Not all of them. Workers without a high school diploma, we have millions of people that didn't go through high school. They left. They had problems, good problems, families where they don't have the money. They didn't get a high school diploma. They have achieved the lowest unemployment rate ever recorded in the history of the United States. [applause and cheers] important groups of people. Half a million more hispanic americans now own a home. Now hispanic have done so good. By the way, you know who understands the border? We are building that wall like crazy. They say you build the wall, you lose the hispanic voters. You know who understands the border, crime at the border better than anybody? The hispanics understand it. [applause and cheers] and they don't want to be walking and have people take their job, come in where they can't pay for their house, have bad people. You have murderers and rapists, and we have set records at the border. We are up to 122 miles of wall. And it is true. The people that understand it the best are hispanic. Thank you. To make our country safe, got to make our country safe. We have lifted 10 million people off of welfare. Median household income is the highest ever recorded in our country. Think of that. President bush, eight years, $450. President barack hussein obama, eight years, eight years, $975. President donald John trump -- [applause and cheers] three years -- it is actually less when they did the numbers. Three years including the big tax cuts we got you in the regulation cuts, three years, $450, $975, that is eight and eight, now three years, $10,000. For families. A year. $10,000 a year. Our historic regulatory reduction campaign is restoring American liberty and ending the tyranny of federal bureaucrats. I deal with them. It is called the swamp. We have ended the war on American energy, lowering utility bills, reducing prices at the pump. Part of that number is all the money we save. I took action on an issue nevada has been dealing with for 30 years, yucca mountain. Do you know yucca mountain? My budget starts -- stops funding for the licensing of way storage, so we can focus on positive solutions and for better reasons and alternatives. Why should you have nuclear waste in your backyard? Why should you have nuclear waste in your backyard? I won't say which countries', but you know what other countries -- I won't say which ones. They put it on a ship, they find a nice, deep spot, they dump it. We would never do that for environmental reasons. We are reversing decades -- yucca mountain, you are ok, please. Sheldon, do you have somebody who can write? Yucca mountain, please. He will call up yucca mountain is ok. That is the end of that. Yucca mountain, you are in great shape or it may be they can finally report it properly. We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies. Washington politicians took money from lobbyists, global corporations and corrupt special interests. They sold our wealth. They shipped it overseas and to other countries. America lost one in four manufacturing jobs following the twin disasters of nafta and china's entrance into the wto. Probably an even worse deal for us than nafta. Undermining ministration, the great betrayal of America is over -- under my administration the great betrayal of America is over. America is no longer for sale. [applause and cheers] last month we ended nafta and I signed the brand-new u. s. -mexico-canada agreement. You replay the song ymca, that is the only way to remember it. Usmca is a gigantic victory for farmers, ranchers and manufacturers across the great state of nevada. [applause and cheers] I also took the strongest ever action to confront china's massive theft of American jobs. Our strategy worked. Last month we signed a groundbreaking trade agreement, probably the biggest agreement of any kind ever signed with China that will defend our workers, protect intellectual property and boost American exports by a lot. China will be buying $250 billion worth of goods from us now and $50 billion from our farmers. My guys wanted $16 billion. I said make it $50 billion. My guys wanted $16 billion. I got -- they got China to $20 billion. I said make it $50 billion. $50 billion. I don't think our farmers to produce that much, but they will try. We will buy large tractors. We are finally rebuilding our country. [applause and cheers] we are finally putting America first. [applause and cheers] for no issue of washington Democrats more thoroughly sold out the American people than the issue of immigration. Before I came into office, the open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow into our country, poisoning our children, including right here in a big way, the great state of nevada. Washington Democrats for the needs of illegal immigrants before the well-being of American citizens. You know that. It is one of the reasons you voted for trump. They want to let anyone from around the world simply walk across the border. And then they want to give them a lifetime for free welfare of health care, a lot of other things including education, paid for the taxpayers of the United States. A little -- illegal immigration cost nevada taxpayers more than $1. 6 billion every year. For the amount of money washington Democrats want to spend supporting illegal immigrants, we could rebuild every city, all of these distressed areas in the United States. The money we spend is not even thinkable I don't forget when we stay called like in california, he says we will give you free health care. People aren't even thinking about coming. We have caravans of people we are turning back. Mexico gave us 27,000 soldiers on our border. But when a governor -- nice guy actually. Just go to explain the facts of life. Dr. , doctor in the house? Please. Medical, please. A doctor. Thank you. Thank you. Take your time. Take your time, we have plenty of time. Take your time, please. A lot of these people have been here for three days. It is a lot. Those front row people are tough. [applause and cheers] take your time, take your time. Thank you, everybody. Thank you, doc. They get here so, they stand, and sit, and sometimes days early. In colorado they are three or four days early. It is tough. We work it and make sure that you have everything you want. Number one, we cover the facts and we want to have a good time because we want to have a good time. Things like that happen a lot. Because after two, three days, it is not easy. These are strong people. I am not going to fight any of the. -- them. Amazing, thank you. Under my administration we are finally taking care of our own citizens first including millions and millions of illegal immigrants -- legal immigrants who lift up our society and are entitled to a government that protects their families and their communities. Every day democrats' open border policies are harming and killing innocent people. You know what is going on. In this region alone last year, Ice officers -- strong, tough patriots, if we didn't have them -- they were moved thousands and thousands of ms 13 gang members a year. Who else is going to do it? Ice officers arrested over 5000 illegal aliens, charged of dangers offenses including robbery, rape and even murder, many murders. In western nevada, an illegal alien was charged with robbing and brutally executing four victims last year. In las vegas three ms 13 gang members abducted a man, tied him up with his shoelaces, shot him repeatedly and hacked him to death with a machete. You know what I am talking about, right here in your place, in las vegas. Right here, they hacked him to death. Yet left-wing politicians oppose all the attention of illegal aliens and they support deadly sanctuary cities. You know, I say this all the time and I just, how the hell -- where are they coming from? I don't get it. Seriously, I don't get it. Sanctuary cities imperil American lives by releasing dangerous criminal aliens directly into your communities. If you want to shut down sanctuary cities, if you want to protect your family and your loved ones, you must vote republican in 2020. And you have some great ones here, Michael. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings eight straight months in a row. And as the wall gets longer, it gets easier and easier. Remember when the Democrats were saying you don't need a wall? Two things that never change, right? All these computers. They said use drones. Watch the people poor in by the thousands. That is great. Before I came along, they wanted a wall. They just had no clue. They had the money. They actually gave the money back. But they had no clue. But as soon as I came in and I said wall, they made a terrible mistake. They say I never admit mistakes. I do. I will admit a mistake now. I should have said, we will never build a wall. They would have given me so much money for a wall. They would have forced me to build it. I made a terrible mistake, right? So if it ever happens again, which it won't -- this wall was one-of-a-kind -- we will say, we will not build a wall, and they will say, we demand that you build a wall, and it would have been so easy. Illegal crossings are down 75% and we have ended catch and release. Horrible. We catch them -- you know the story. They come over, could be a killer, murderer, rapist, they come over, we can't do anything. We have to be politically correct. We catch them. We then say, what is your address? They don't know. Where do you come from? We don't know. And they mean it. But some are very serious criminals. So we catch them, we take whatever they can take, which is nothing, and then we have to release them in our country. And then we have a system of judges, thousands of judges all over the place, you've got to be like perry mason, and every illegal that comes in, they have to lawyers. They get paid fees. But we are breaking the system. No more catch and release. You think that was easy? And the big thing is that 30 foot -- and this wall is built exactly to the specifications of border patrol, totally, and border patrol has seized the largest amount, just recently, of deadly narcotics, ever recorded, the largest amount. We've deported record numbers of gang members. We've done more to secure the border than any administration in history. We are, as I said, building the wall faster than ever, faster and bigger than anyone thought possible. They can't believe we are getting it done. We will have over 500 miles built sometime next year. 500 miles. Washington Democrats have never been more extreme than they are right now. 132 congressional Democrats have now signed up for bernie sanders takeover of health care that would strip 180 million americans, many of them in this room, of their private coverage. Remember President obama? He said, you can keep your doctor, keep your plan. He lied. So we should impeach him. We are going to impeach him. We will do a belated impeachment. 28 times, you can keep your doctor. Remember? Unfortunately, when they found that you can't keep your doctor, he said, I was just kidding. We should impeach him. We will do a belated impeachment. You have to be very careful when you say impeachment. Because they go back and they write. They write. President trump said that obama should be impeached, but he's not in office, so they can't impeach him. He doesn't know what he's talking about. So you have to be very careful. That is why I use the word belated impeachment. Meaning i'm just kidding, ok? They do it all the time. The other day, I said bring back gone with the wind. The movie. I said the movie. The other day in colorado I guess. South korean movie won. None, the winner of the academy award is a movie made in south korea. I said, what is this all about? And they like me. We are helping them a lot. They are killing us on trade. And then they win the academy award for a freaking movie. But we redid that trade deal. But the other day they got me on this one. I said, what happened to gone with the wind? That beautiful movie. Whatever happened? Ring back gone with the wind. And some of them wrote, he doesn't know that movie was made like in 1936. So anybody -- it is fake news. But anybody sitting there reading, they are saying, trump can't be that smart. He said bring back gone with the wind. That is an old movie. It is an old classic. What I say is, make great movies. Not this computerized garbage. And I was never a fan of brad pitt, I will tell you. I thought he was a stiff. Like a boring guy. All of a sudden he wins the academy award. Their ratings aren't so good. You know when, when they started attacking us, their ratings went right down the tubes. I told somebody, the evening news, they are terrible for conservative people, and they are crooked, they are absolutely dishonest -- I said to one of the big broadcasters, I said, if you ever did a conservative new cast -- abc is terrible. Nbc is absolutely atrocious. And they do badly. Not a lot of people are watching. We used too, when we had the late great legend walter cronkite, but abc is terrible, and nbc is terrible, and they are all the same. And I said, your ratings stink. If you would do a newscast that is conservative, I could recommend guys right now. Right, I would get them a host. We will call up -- don't take sean hannity away from us. Don't take our sean. That is my problem. I don't want to take away any of our people. You get a jesse waters. I could name so many of them, right? And you put them on that broadcast, the ratings would go up fivefold, but they don't know that. I don't know, they are stupid. They are stupid. Their ratings would go through the roof, but they would rather have a failed broadcast that nobody watches then put on a conservative person and lift the ratings five times. Just like they were hoping seven months ago, we had a little skit, and they were hoping the market would crash, because they would rather lose their money and have a really horrible market on the basis that we, not me, we could not be elected on november 3. This is how crazy they are. They've gone crazy. I guess you call it trump derangement syndrome. But if they ever did a conservative broadcast, meaning very fair, very honest, but when I say that, it is almost like, do a fair broadcast -- that thing would be the hottest show, but they don't realize it, and if they do, they probably wouldn't do it anyway, because they don't want to go away from what they are doing, which is crazy, because they are doing very poorly, while the social and socialist Democrats are trying to destroy American health care and your social security, they are putting it at risk, my administration is protecting your social security. Remember they said four years ago in the debates, and you had this crazy woman -- I hate to mention her name. I did it yesterday. She's a zero. Got zero television personality. She said, Donald Trump lost all of his debates. I won every debate. And I don't know, maybe -- but I -- we try. I'll tell you that. But this crazy woman who has zero going, zero, she said Donald Trump lost his debate. She was talking about how badly mike did. She said, Donald Trump -- no, I won every single debate. Like 15 or 16 debates. And for some reason, it is not a big deal, nobody watches, nobody cares, I just made her famous, she's nothing, got no talent, got nothing, probably got a little drive, that is how she keeps getting in television, but you know what, I said that is really unfair, so I took out the polls, time magazine, drudge, a lot of different things. And many others. And some of them had me down like at 91%. And many of those people are now great friends of mine. Some of them are great republican senators. I'm not going to show results, but i'm holding it up -- I call it a glancing blow. But we won the debates. And I have this fake news person saying Donald Trump did very poorly. I won every debate easily. I never did it before. Remember my first question. I said rosie o'donnell, who violated the campaign laws as badly as anybody i've ever seen, and nothing happens to her, right? And yet -- he made a little mistake, and they want to destroy him. So we pardoned him. By the way, he made a mistake. Rosie o'donnell, that was a massive violation of the campaign-finance laws. But dinesh, they wanted to put him in jail. I don't know, I think he might have even gone to jail for doing something that was really very understandable. Rosie o'donnell, five times, what she did is incredible, nothing happens, then she gets on and says what a bad guy I am. But it is really a disgrace. I'm glad they didn't do anything with her, frankly, because you don't want to do something like that, but we have two sets of justice in this country, it's no good, it's no good, you know, the thing we are working on right now, trying to get fairness for a certain person who has been treated very unfairly, a man who had a juror who was a radical anti-trump person, and she didn't say that when she went up there, and she became the foreperson of the jury, and she did terrible things and said terrible things, and you know how they caught her? When he was convicted, a statement was made. She started jumping up and down and started telling everybody -- they said, wait a minute, wasn't she just a juror? The woman was totally biased. How do you do this? So I fight. A lot of times it is not worth it, but I have to fight for fairness. Got to fight for fairness. Very unfair system. I guess it is called the swamp. When I said drain the swamp, it was a nice phrase. I never liked the phrase. When I was campaigning, somehow the phrase came up. I said, I don't like it. But one day I was in a big arena, 25,000 people packed before the election, and I said, we will drain the swamp. I said, you never know. Frank sinatra said his best song , I won't tell you which one, but his best song is the song that he thought would never make it, the song that he liked the least, but he said that is the one that was most successful. You never know. So I said drain the swamp and the people went crazy. And the next time I did it again and again and again -- I only didn't know how disgusting and dirty the swamp is and a lot of the media is a big part of the swamp. So my administration is protecting your social security, your medicare, and is fighting to give you great health care. We are defending your right to keep your doctor and your plan. We are defending that right. We are going to cancel that obama care we can win the case and we are going to give you great health care and we are making health care better and much cheaper while premiums more than doubled in the last five years before I took office, we are managing it very well. We got rid of the individual mandate, by far the most unpopular thing, where you had to pay a lot of money for the privilege of not having to pay for bad health care, right? We got rid of it. And it was upheld in the supreme court. We got sued. Everything we do, we get sued. And we are now offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive. We are going to make health care a big part of this campaign. We are protecting people with pre-existing conditions. If we are successful, we are running it much better than they did. Remember when they had -- this was the greatest, the $5 billion website -- it was supposed to cost $5 million. I have a son at home, he's 13, he's a genius with computers. What's up, dad? Dad, get out of here. Listen, i'm the President of the United States. Dad, come on, dad. The guy talk to me, he's working with his computer. They grow up with like walking, right? But he's looking at me, I could have given him their health care site. He would have done it for nothing and it would have been better than what they have. Come on, dad. I'm busy, dad. What do you want, dad? Baron. Wow. He's going to like that. He's a tall boy, I tell you that. Just turned 13. He's up there. But they are great with the computers. And they spent -- it was going to cost 15, it was going to cost five, what was the final number? The number was so -- they spent $5 billion, right? It still doesn't work. They spent $5 billion, right? And they spent $500 million on all of the problems it caused. And we really straightened it out. But it is still lousy health care. And it is really not obamacare anymore because when you get rid of the individual mandate, it is no longer obamacare, but we are going to give you your pre-existing -- otherwise I won't do it -- we are going to give you brand-new pre-existing and we are going to have a great health care that is much less expensive. And we are fighting to stop surprise medical bills. And baron is going to be very happy. I signed an executive order imposing price transparency because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very fast. You know, a man that does this very professionally, you have to be careful when you say it, but it was just a very strong statement. He said, price transparency in hospitals. Where you can look at the prices. Right now they won't even tell you. They operate and then they give you a bill and you say, I had no idea. They take blood. We have one person, blood, $39. The other person, same thing, $2500. Take blood. A blood test. The same test. Maybe the $39 test is better. Who the hell knows? But it is crazy. And he goes, and he's a real pro, he said, and nobody wanted to do it because it is a little controversial, and a lot of the drug companies don't exactly love it, the hospitals don't love it, but I have to do what is right -- I don't care. But he looked at me, he said -- this is why I did it. It was one phrase. Do you ever do where you are not going to do something and somebody hits you with a perfect phrase? He said, price transparency is bigger than health care. I said, what do you mean by that? He said, you will see numbers that far outweigh health care, hospitals, doctors. You will be able to price out everything. You will be able to see cost. He said, price transparency -- you've heard about this for 15, 20 years -- no President has the guts to do it. It probably means I won't get campaign contributions from certain people, but i'm not going to get them anyway, what difference does it make, I don't want them, I have to do what's right. We are here for a short period of time, even if it is a long period, it is still a short period, and we have to do -- so price transparency is a big deal. He said it is bigger than health care. So let's see what happens. Unfortunately that kicks in after the election. We are going through the final stages. We are going through a statutory process unfortunately. We are going to win. Let's say the fake news can give me enough phony stories, enough bad stuff that we don't make it. The new President will get all the credit for price transparency and he won't even know what the hell it is. But we are going to win. We've got to win for that reason alone. We've approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs which are just as good as the namebrand drugs, but a fraction of the cost, and that was another one. Tremendous political pressure. You own aspirin, all these namebrand drugs making so much money, and I guy comes along, I want to make 20 forms of aspirin that are exactly the same, but they don't have a big name on it. Exactly as good. Exactly the same. People still want to go out and buy the name. I do. Because we are stupid. But it is true. They are exactly the same. We are approving so many of the generic drugs. A record number. Nobody has ever approved so much. The drug companies hated. We also took down the trials from 12 years down to five or six years. Because they would have a new drug. The thing was obsolete by the time it got approved. We've passed a really spectacular thing that they've been trying to get for 40 some odd years. Right to try. Hopefully nobody in this room has those kind of problems. Right to try. So now you go and you sign a waiver and you get everything and it is great. If you are terminally ill, you are not going to make it, and you know why, they wouldn't approve it, because they didn't want to be sued, and they said, this could be dangerous -- I said the people are terminally ill, they are going to die, let them use the experimental drugs. Don't wait. Because they have another four or five years before they can come onto the market. We are having such unbelievable results and some of those drug companies now like it because it is really showing if it works there it is pretty amazing. Right to try. I hope you don't have to use it. We are combating the opioid epidemic. Drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 31 years. And i've launched -- and this is really something. Brand-new initiatives combating kidney disease and alzheimer's disease. We've made a lot of progress. We've made a lot of progress. And we are pursuing new advances in the neonatal research to care for america's youngest patients, our babies, and breaking all records in so doing -- all of the radical Democrats in the presidential debates have declared their unlimited support for extreme late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the very moment of birth -- this is why in my state of the union address -- did you like it? It is a different kind of address. We can go lots of different ways. Presidential, not presidential. I was presidential, totally. But I asked Congress to prohibit late-term abortion of babies because republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. The Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your very important second amendment. The republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great abraham lincoln, which everybody forgot. Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, every single walk of life. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, enthusiasm. Right? Are we enthusiastic? You know how many of these i've done? People say, where do you get your energy? The truth is, I like what I do. And if we weren't getting the results, I wouldn't like it. If we weren't getting the results, if I didn't see the results, I wouldn't like it at all. We are welcoming americans of all parties and political persuasions to join our incredible movement to make America great again. We are a very big party. We are the party of big ideas for the future. Republicans are fighting for school choice because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. I passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners a second chance at life. It was never going to happen. We got it done. This could not have been done by anyone but the republican party and ourselves. The Democrats have tried for years. They couldn't get it done. We got it done. To uphold the rule of law, we have confirmed -- they say the most important thing you can do, judges, I say defense, second in judges. A record number of federal judges who will interpret the constitution as written, and we have appointed two great new supreme court justices, neil gorsuch and brett kavanaugh. I recognized israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And we recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights. We have invested $2. 2 trillion to rebuild the United States military, including more than $130 million for nellis air force base right here. And we just created the sixth branch of the American armed forces, the space force. 72 years. The air force was 72 years ago. Fink of it, a branch. The army, air force, think of it. We did a branch. For years, you watch as your politicians apologized for America. Now you have a President who is standing up for americans and we are standing up for the people of nevada. If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have for victory in november of 2020, november 3, november 3. Only this way can we save the America we love and drain the washington swamp once and for all. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. Together we will elect a republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration. We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that very beautiful we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures her childhood cancer and ending the aids epidemic within nine years in America. [cheers and applause] and we will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant its flag on mars. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheers and applause] and that is under siege, in case you have not noticed. Your second amendment is under siege. Don't worry. As long as I am here, they are not touching it. [cheers and applause] above all, we will never stop fighting for this. So true. But we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect, and defend the constitution of the u. s. , we stand with the incredible heroes, and they are heroes, we love them, of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work in the sanctity. We believe that faith and family, not government, bureaucracy are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country , honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. [cheers and applause] and we live by the words of our national motto, "in God we trust. " [cheers and applause] from carson city to reno, to write here in las vegas, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their hearts, sweat, and sold to secure our liberty and defend our gray, beautiful -- great, beautiful, lovely freedom. Freedom. Freedom. Freedom! [cheers and applause] nevada was founded by pioneers and prospectors. Minors and cowboys, who tamed the frontier, raised the mighty hoover dam, that is a beauty. Transformed the barren desert into a shining oasis. Lit up the lights of the las vegas strip. And helped to make this the greatest nation ever to exist in the face of the earth, and we are making it greater than ever before. [cheers and applause] proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. [cheers and applause] we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of nevada, the best is yet to come. [cheers and applause] together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much, everybody, thank you nevada, thank you las vegas, we love las vegas. Thank you, everybody, thank you.