ID: CSPANDT1610202083
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Macon, Georgia
Date: 2020-10-16

I love georgia. I love being with you. This is georgia. Thank, georgia. We won georgia. We are going to win it again. It is great to be back on this incredible stage with the thousands of loyal, hard-working, unbelievable American patriots. Thank you very much. 18 days from now, we are going to win the state of georgia. We are going to win four more years. And that beautiful and incredible in so many ways, that beautiful white house, right? Just remember that early voting is underway. Get out and vote. Go out and vote. So, we are running against perhaps the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics. If you watched last night, I mean, give me a break. I wish he was a good candidate because it actually puts more pressure on you running against a guy like this. Sleepy joe biden is the environment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our country. You know what has happened. You know very well in georgia what happened. For the last 47 years, joe biden shipped away your jobs, shutdown your factories, through open your borders, and ravaged ours cities while sacrificing American blood and treasure in and listen ridiculous foreign wars. In places you have never even heard of before. How ridiculous. He is a servant of the wealthy donors, globalists and special interests, who got rich leading America drive. By the way, I call heads of wall street firms. I say do me a favor, could you give me 5 million dollars. Every single -- I can't do that though, because you know why? If I do that, i've got to do things for them, and I want to do what's right. I can raise more money -- I have been the world's greatest fundraiser, but I don't want to do it because then they call you and say hey, you know, they treated me good, i've got to treat them good. I know you don't think that's the way the system works, but that's the way the system works, I guess, unfortunately. In 2016, you voted to fire the crepe it -- the corrupt and decrepit political establishment and decided to finally put America first. And we have learned over the last couple of months, joe biden is a corrupt politician. He is a corrupt politician. And the biden family is a criminal enterprise. Frankly, it makes crooked hillary clinton look like an amateur. Whoever saw anything like this. He goes to china, they follow him like a vacuum cleaner. And unfortunately, it sounds like he left his laptop behind. They taken millions and plenty of it goes to joe biden, don't kid yourself. Did you see the one today? The guy gets 10%. I wonder who the guy is? Between anthony weiner's laptop and this laptop, these are two beauties. This massive scandal is being covered up by the media and big tech, right, all those people. Here we have, think of it, the biggest scandal going on anywhere in the world, the corruption of joe biden and the biden family, and he is interviewed last night by stephanopoulos on abc, and they don't even ask him a question about it. Think of it. They don't even ask him a question like how come your son got $3. 5 million from moscow -- Russia. Because they were the ones involved with russia, it turns out, not me, it was the opposite. Why did your son get $3. 5 million from the wife of the mayor of moscow? Think of it. Remember chris wallace said you shouldn't ask him that question. He is no mike. Chris is no mike. How about the other one? A billion dollars, get rid of the prosecutor, otherwise you don't get a billion dollars from the United States. But that's turning out to be peanuts compared to what we are finding now. Now we are finding out he wants $10 million from China to make an introduction. Would anyone here take $10 million to introduce someone to your father? I would do it. Dad, I would love to do it. $10 million, please. I had a great father. I am not just running against biden and their corrupt family, I am running against the left-wing corrupt media, and we are running against big tech. [crowd chanting] this is a hell of a big crowd. Look at that. It goes all the way around. The media, they never show it. You ever notice? They show me in three people behind me. -- and about three people behind me. [crowd chanting] you know -- I love that. No politician, I believe, has ever heard that chant. Really. We love someone. Think of it. Reagan, I love dragon, he was a wonderful guy, -- I loved reagan, he was a wonderful guy, you never heard that chant. We love reagan. I appreciate it. I love this state. I love georgia. You had the hurricane come in and it wiped out a lot of your area. David perdue is a fantastic guy who may be here someplace. He called me and said you have to do me a favor. You have to help us with our farmers and we gave them a hell of a lot of money. They got wiped out by a hurricane. You don't get too many hurricanes, but this was a monster that hit florida, alabama. We took care of alabama. We took care of georgia. I will never forget, I stood, I came here and I stood, and I was with 32 farmers, all of them got hit hard. And one of them said I was so weak away from having the best crop I have ever had -- I was a week away from having the best crop I have ever had, and it got ripped apart. It wasn't his fault. We took care of him. And it made me feel good. And they never ask for anything. They just want a level playing field. 28 million -- thank you china, because they targeted our farmers. 12 billion and then the next year $16 billion. Frankly, you did better without even working, if you want to know the truth. Came from China and we did a helluva job and those farmers are all happy today. Talking about china, we got $28 billion in tariffs and we gave it to farmers, and everybody is doing just fine. But the radical left is doing everything in their power to protect their chosen candidate who has no clue where he is. He's gone. They have nothing but disdain for you and for your values, and for the values of georgia. I know georgia very well. They have flooded your communities with criminal aliens, with drugs, crime, while leaving behind -- and you see what they do. They live in gated communities. They complain about guns and they complain about everything, and then they want to end your second amendment that they want protection for themselves. They oppose school choice while sending their families to the best private schools. We need school choice, by the way. They demonize -- hello. Beautiful. So beautiful. They demonize our great police and law enforcement while hiring private security for themselves. They attack the second amendment every single day while employing armed guards. And let me tell you, I am the only thing standing in the way of you and your second amendment. Understand. It's a big deal. They support crippling lock downs their jobs remain totally exempt. It's time we send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites. By the way, just like I said before, I know these guys, I could call them all. Do me a favor. Irving, send me $5 million, ok, I will do it if you want. Do you mind if I take one weekend just do it? I will set the all-time record on fundraising. Man, would I be good at that. It's so easy. I wouldn't have to explain a thing. But they come from washington, they come from new york, they come from silicon valley. By the way, those silicon valley guys are sort of getting caught, aren't they? Section 230, I am sure most of you don't know what that means, section 230, these guys are given powers, they are given rights by washington, and then they claim free speech. But they are given an exemption. They have a total exemption. And they cannot abuse that power. There are a lot of things going on right now, and a lot of your people are looking -- we have some of those people here, your great congressmen, senators, we will be introducing them in a second, but they will be looking very hard at section 230. On election day, you can send message that the fake news media -- look at them. There's a lot of them. It's like the academy awards. There are a lot of people. Look at those cameras, they are all running with those red lights, but every time I mention their name, those red lights go off. Get the light off. Turn it off! Go to a break! Let's go to a break right now. Fake news, cnn, they are so fake. Nbc -- did you see that last night? They could have -- they did a good job. I could've had somebody else. They are all the same. They ask you a question and you give an answer. She has disappeared. Everybody thought it was so inappropriate. They give this guy softballs. Did you see, a week ago, lester holt, another genius, mr. None, what did you have for dinner? And then savannah, it was like her face, the anger, the craziness. I mean the craziness last night. And I said goodbye, I said you did wonderfully, good job. We got very high marks for that last night, and sleepy joe cannot answer a question. Chris wallace wouldn't ask about the $3 million. He said that's not appropriate. Why? I'm telling you, the biden family is corrupt. The corrupt family. And with me and my kids, let me tell you, I will tell you something -- lock them up. You should lock them up. Lock up the biden's. Lock them up. Can you imagine if my kids did what hunter is doing? Ivanka. Oh, my beautiful, she's a good kid. And you know, she is much smarter, much sharper, she could. She would do well. Don, eric, tiffany, they are good kids. We would make a fortune. Just think of it. When you look at what they get away with. By the way, bidens brother -- I won't go too deep in the family, i'm not looking to insult everybody, but in my opinion, it's a criminal enterprise. It's like a vacuum cleaner. The father goes through when the sun comes through like a vacuum cleaner, millions of dollars. Take a look at the way they live. 47 years as a politician, he has done very well. Almost as well as maxine waters. Have you ever seen her house? What a beautiful house she lives in. I wonder how that happened. On election day, you can send a message that the fake news media can't get away with it any longer. We can't let them get away with it. And these big tech companies, you know, it's funny, because i've heard about the big tech companies. I didn't care too much. I heard the power was unbelievable. It's like 99% for the other side. I keep hearing about the power, the power. In one ear come out the other, but I kept hearing it, and we won. I kept hearing it, but we won. If they are so powerful, how come we won? They were 100% against us. But it's gotten worse and worse, and now they have gone crazy. How about our magnificent kaylee, right? I don't know what the word is, but they suspended her account because she posted an article from the new york post, the one paper that really has guts, they are printing this stuff, they have got to be making a fortune, as much as they can make in that industry these days, but when you look at the failing new york times on the washington post, they don't want to write about it. This is the biggest -- the second-biggest political scandal. The biggest, we caught them, when they spied on our campaign and tried to take down your President. This is the second business -- second-biggest scandal. These are a bunch of bad people, and you think it's fun doing what I do. I had a great life. I was doing well. I was having a lot of fun. But I would never give up what we have achieved. Think of what we have achieved. Honestly, there are a lot of successful people, a lot of people that are successful, a lot of them right here. But nobody in the first three and a half years, nobody has achieved in the history of our country what we have achieved with our military, with our tax cuts, with our regulations, with all of the things we have done, nobody has done as much as we have done, things like right to try, things like space force. [crowd chanting] you now, I always get them. I said turned the cameras, turn the cameras. We had a crowd like this in florida. It was massive. It went on forever. I said turned the cameras, show the crowd. They don't realize it's good for them. It's exciting. It's like being out of florida state or ohio state football game. We have to socially distance, you have all these empty seats. You will be back very soon. And then of course, georgia, not bad, you are doing ok. And who is the greatest of them all from georgia? Who is the greatest of them all from georgia? Herschel. By the way, how good was herschel walker, right? He made a lot of quarterbacks look good, six yards, nine yards, 10 yards, a hundred yards, and he is on our side, and he didn't incredible job, a good guy. I remember they had the ballad to herschel walker, a legendary guy. From the time we started, six yards, 10 yards, eight yards, and then the quarterback says I think I will sign with the nfl. But herschel has been great. He loves this state. What a great football player he was. What a great winner. We want to thank herschel. On november 3, show the people, the great American people, that we are in charge, that we are delivering, sleepy joe biden and that whole group of radical left crazies. By the way, he is not really radical left, but he has no choice. He has absolutely nothing going. They are running the party. How good did mike Pence do a week ago? That was easy. That was easy. Mike is great. He's doing a great job, but it's unfair. It's so unfair. You watch last night and you see the anger and the hate. I'm saying look, let's just do this thing. Take it easy, relax. Relax, take it nice and easy, ok. She said but I told you this. I said I don't believe you. Why would I believe you? Did you see that where she is screaming? Who cares if you told me? What are you telling me? But we got very high marks, but compare that -- could you imagine if joe biden was treated like savannah guthrie treated us -- not me. It's us. Could you imagine? He would be freaked out. He would probably be under the table. And she is easy compared to President xi jinping, putin, kim jong-un none plenty of others. She's easy pickings, -- kim jong-un and plenty of others. She's easy pickings. I was interviewed by george stephanopoulos. It was tough, but it was fine. I don't say give me the answers to the questions. Do you ever see where they ask and then he starts reading -- that means he has the answers. I never saw anything like what's going on in my entire life. How about, did you see that a week ago -- I can't read the dam answer. This is the fake news. I've been saying it. I am so proud of the fact that I have exposed these people for what they are. Really. Look at all that equipment, millions of dollars worth of equipment. And you know what? If they were truthful, our country would come together so fast. They are a big part of the problem. I was saying today, and florida, I was telling the story, we are going to bring it all together. They said how are you going to do it? Through success. Because we were ready. We had the most successful economy we have ever had. African-american, asian american, hispanic american, women, people with high school diplomas, people without high school diplomas, chemical engineers, everybody was doing better than they have ever done, and then we had the plague sent to us by China. We are not going to forget that. We are not going to forget that. We are not going to forget it and they know we are not going to forget it. They know dam well we are not going to forget it. We closed it down. We saved millions of lives. Over 200,000, that's terrible, but compared to other nations, it's amazing what we've been able to do. But we saved millions. It was supposed to be 2. 2 million lives. We saved millions of lives, and now we are rebuilding it back, and now our economy is setting records. What we are doing is setting records. If I don't sound like a typical washington politician, it's because i'm not a politician. And if I don't always play by the rules of the washington establishment -- you know, it would make my life a lot easier, to be honest. Remember, I used to play the game about acting presidential. Smart guy, a lot of smart people here, i'm smart. It's much easier to be presidential than to do what I do, remember? I said I am more presidential if I want to be, but I have to get things done. I don't have enough time. So many stupid things happen, bed deals, stupid deals, bad trade deals, but remember I used to go on have fun and I would say a President who is playing presidential, that is so easy compared to what we do. I can be more presidential than any President in our history with the possible exception of abraham lincoln when he wore the hat. That was tough to do. But do you remember, I would say ladies and gentlemen of georgia, this is your president, and it's a great honor to be with you tonight. Things are going very well with our country. Our military is building. And within about three minutes, everyone would pick up and say let's get the hell out of here. No, we are doing a great job. We are renegotiating these horrible trade deals. We are bringing people back home. I was elected to fight for you and I fight harder for you than any President has ever fought. Thank you very much. [crowd chanting] thank you. By the way, I have to tell you, the spirit in this country is unbelievable. The spirit at these rallies are unbelievable. And you know, hey, we were in minnesota. We are going to win minnesota. Minnesota hasn't been won since 1972. We are going to min -- win minnesota. We are going to win minnesota. We opened up areas of minnesota that they closed. In maine, obama took away 5000 square miles of ocean, can you believe it? I gave it back to the people of maine. We are doing things nobody has ever thought about doing or ever done. We went into -- you take a look at -- take a look at minneapolis. The place was burning down. The national guard goes in. 30 minutes, would you say? Remember, after watching this for a week and a half, and we want to do it with portland. Portland would be so easy. They have wise guys in there. They have the one guy who killed somebody on the street. It took them three days to arrest. I sent in the u. s. Marshals. 15 minutes later it was over. I said why hasn't that guy been -- they all do it. They were putting his picture up. Why hasn't he been arrested? Really? Another day, we sent in the u. s. Marshals. In 15 minutes, we had the greatest law enforcement people in the world. 15 minutes later, it was all over for him. But the forces opposing me in washington are the same people who are responsible for every disastrous trade deal, foreign policy blunder, and border security betrayal. Look at our border. Our son and daughters -- by the way, 400 miles of wall. 10 miles a week. It will be finished very soon. It has had an incredible impact. We got rid of catch and release, all this stuff everybody said would be impossible. And mexico is paying for the wall. You do know that. Mexico is paying for. They know that. But they don't like to say it. We are doing some incredible things. This is the most important election in the history of our country. 2016 was important. This is more important. Success will bring us together, as I was saying, but you know what else? A victory. They are just going to finally say, let's just give up. They are going to say these people cannot be beaten. They are going to say these people cannot be beaten. And many of them were so happy two weeks ago when they heard trump tested positive. They were so happy. And then I got out like right away, here i'm, like a long time. Can you imagine, he won't be able to hold anymore rallies? He will be recovering or worse. Or worse. He will be recovering or worse. Then like 12 minutes later, here we are. Don't forget, I have been doing this for a long time. This is not my first rally. All of these rallies are like this. The spirit of this country is unbelievable. Even the fake news admits we have more enthusiasm than any candidate in the history of this country. And he has less enthusiasm, in my opinion, than any candidate. I think he is the weakest candidate in the history of presidential politics. None with all of that being said, they have a corrupt media, they have big tech, they have all of this stuff, it's a very powerful party. They have advantages. They automatically win new york. I don't know why, new york is doing so badly. They automatically win california, I don't know why, California is doing so badly. The forest fires, this and that, no water. We have to run the table. It's automatic. Winning the electoral college is a very, very hard thing to do. We just ran the strain. It's a very hard thing to do. But we are winning in florida. We are winning here. You know, it's amazing. Like, if he came here, sleepy joe, if he came here, honestly, they would work really hard to try to find people. I really mean this. We have tens of thousands -- this thing goes way back. I wish they would move these guys back a hundred yards. I am telling my people -- I will save a little time. My people, please, from now on, can you please move the fake news media back like another hundred yards. I hope you are listening, too. You know what? Those cameras have magnifiers. You can get a lot of people. So instead of standing behind the camera and looking at the cameraman's asked, we don't need that, just move them back and we get more people back here because it goes on forever. We love it, thank you, but we are going to move it back. Move them back. [crowd chanting] this can only happen in georgia, you know. We will have a new t-shirt tomorrow morning. Move them back. Well, we did it with crazy hunter, hunter biden, remember? Where's hunter? I kept saying where the hell is hunter? They caught him stealing a lot of money, so he disappeared. I said that's a great idea for a t-shirt. We came out with a t-shirt, where's hunter? It became one of the big successes. Where is hunter? We were talking today about drug prices. In this country, we have a very bad system. We have middlemen who are very rich. I was talking about cutting out the middlemen, going with favored nations and all of that, getting drug prices down 60%, 70%, 80%, but the middleman -- middlemen are making all of this money, tremendously wealthy, they don't even do anything. At least the drug companies make the drug. So, we are talking about the middlemen, it must be hunter. Hunter biden. On top of everything else, China and ukraine, russia, us, he's a middleman. What a family. Biden made a corrupt bargain. That's what he's done. A corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's nomination which, by the way, should have gone to bernie. Elizabeth warren, pocahontas, if she would have left a day before super tuesday, joe biden would not have won any of those states. They split up the vote. It was super liberal her and crazy bernie. And I say it all the time, I think bernie sanders is the nicest, greatest loser I have ever seen. It's true. And I mean this. And you know, we're going to get a lot of their votes. Because the one thing bernie is right on, every country in this world, including our so-called allies -- excuse me. Are there any children in the house? Ok, close your ears, children, screws us on trade. Bernie knows that. The problem is he would not be able to do anything about it. I have done a lot about it. We have a big percentage of bernie people. They didn't like hillary. They don't like joe. We are going to get a lot of bernie people, so I have to be nice to bernie, but I consider him a really good loser. He is so nice about it. This was in a way worse because all elizabeth warren had to do was leave the campaign. Didn't even have to endorse him and he would have won every single state on super tuesday, and that didn't happen, so now we have a guy with a little bit larger base but no energy. Here, we would've had somebody with a smaller base but with tremendous energy. Not as much energy as we do, and we have a big bass, so I like that. A long, complex story, but what the hell? I have nothing but time, right? What the hell. In exchange for his party's nomination, he has handed control -- you know that. In exchange for the socialist's, and the marquis -- marxists, and the far left lunatics. If he wins, the radical left will be running this country. They are addicted to power. God help our country if that happens. You will never make a comeback. It will be a large-scale version of venezuela. I have been saying that for a year but I never meant it like I mean it now. The only difference is the size. The ideology is the same. Venezuela was one of the wealthiest countries. It had oil. It had everything. Very magnificent. Now they don't have water. They don't have medicine. They don't have food. Everyone is fleeing the country. You know, the only difference is the size. But the ideology, when you look at portland. I said governor of oregon, let us come in. None solve your problem. But theoretical left democrats, it is the craziest thing. That is what venezuela is. They are anarchists. When you look at some of these cities, they are anarchists. The press wants to call them peaceful protest. We originally had a hard time. They didn't want us to have any rallies in certain states. And then I realized, you are not allowed to go to church. You are not allowed to have dinner with people. Unless in michigan, who happen to be married to the governor -- you're not allowed to go sailing alessi with mary to the governor of michigan. Remember that? Did she get caught or what? None she's blaming me because people were whatever -- I don't know what's going on. It was are people that caught them. Always trump's fault. Yet, we did her a favor. Who knows? But, we are doing an incredible job in this country. We have spirit like no one's ever had spirit. There's going to be a red wave next. It's going to be unbelievable. They are talking about it. Millions of dollars worth of equipment, and they will never turn it around to show those people back there because they want to say Donald Trump had a rally in georgia. There was a smattering of people, a small smattering. It's amazing. No one's ever had what we have. They call it a red wave. One of the characters standing right there. Don't say there could be, there will be. There's going to be a wave. [applause] they don't want to go the phony, unsolicited ballot. They sent ballots out by the millions. They do have an idea where it is going. We say who's sending them? Where are they going? Who's getting them? Who is delivering them? Who is signing them? What the hell are they doing? If you say that, they go he's not for freedom. They know better than you do, it's a big con job. We have to be very careful with the ballots because they find ballots in a garbage can last week. Military ballots that had the name trump on them and they are in a garbage can. They found 50,000 ballots from ohio. They find them from north carolina dumped in a river. They find them, I think 500,000 ballots in virginia. They were incorrect. They're printing them wrong. They had one problem on one set of ballots. They forgot to put the name of Donald Trump on the ballot. Other than that, the ballot was -- no, this is serious. I'm being serious about this. These people are doing a tremendous disservice. They are using covid as the reason. They are using this as a reason not to go out and vote. So, we voted in world war I. By the way, you had a pandemic that made this look like peanuts, ok? World war I. They voted in world war I. They voted in world war ii. They voted during the great depression. They voted, voted. But, we can't do that. You have to send in a ballot. So complicated. They have instructions. You do the ballot and then you do this. Some of them make it nice and simple. You don't have to sign, you don't have to verify. What they don't tell you is we have won a lot of court cases. How about you put your ballot in and it has to be in by november 3? You have two weeks to count them. Does that mean we have to hold up the whole election? None find out who won or lost, I want to find out legitimately on november 3. I'm not looking to find out -- i'm not looking to find out on november 19 or on december 1 or on two years from now. If you take a look at some of these ballot schemes, in new york, we had a third grade politician named carolyn maloney. She used to come to my office all the time for campaign contributions. She won a race. The number of ballots missing, they have no idea. Her opponent, it was very close, her opponent has gone totally nuts and he should. You look at that, you look at paterson, new jersey. You look at what happened in virginia. These are races that took place recently. I must say, even in 2018, they had a lot of disasters. Even in 2016, I didn't even know it, but they had a lot of ballots. I promise you, it will be against us, ok? It will be against us. But you look at nevada, we have a good chance to win nevada but they are sending ballots to everybody. The governor was a back room politician. And I don't want him having the fate of an election -- I don't think it is right he has the fate of our most important election ever in his hands. I don't want that. If you see anything wrong, law enforcement's watching, u. s. Marshals are watching. Same type of guys, no games. One thing I will say, law enforcement are on our side. [applause] I said it during the debate with joe. Joe, name one law enforcement group that is supporting you, he couldn't do it. He was bailed out by chris wallace. I said name one law-enforcement -- here, joe, just say the words law and order. He didn't want to say it. Joe, just say the words law and order. That's not hard. Joe, law and order. He couldn't say it, he wouldn't say it. I think he said law and order and safety and security. He has to get the vote of the radical left and they don't like law and order. You know who likes trump because of law and order? These suburban women. I keep hearing, because they want law and order. I got -- look at that. Thank you. Same thing happened four years ago. Same thing. They said women will not vote for trump. Then, the election is over, they said, man, the women really came out and voted for trump, right? [applause] they keep saying suburban women. I got rid of a regulation that would have destroyed the values of your homes, ok? And would have major homes very unsafe. With low income housing being built all over the place. I terminated it. Even my people, they said we can make it mcuh uch weaker. I wanted it terminated and I terminated it. Servesuburban women, please, thank you very much. No, I heard they like my policy but they don't like my personality. I said, they don't care about my personality. They want to be safe and they want to keep their American dream. They don't care about my personality. I think it's ok. [cheering and applause] they like my personality. And I like them, I like them. I love them. The radical left is hell bent on destroying everything that we love and cherish. It's that culture stuff. Cancel culture. They want cancel culture. They want to get rid of our great heroes from the past. They want to get rid of our history. They want to get rid of our culture. I was at mount rushmore. They want to blow not rushmore up. I said to our great governor of south dakota, it's never happening, don't worry about it. We don't even need your help for this one. It was so beautiful. They want to blow it up. I said, not going to happen. None of that stuff is going to happen. I will tell you, a few months ago, if I weren't your president, you would have had the jefferson memorial, the lincoln memorial -- they want to attack even lincoln. He's probably looking down and saying what the hell did I do? I was on their side, I think, right? They want to attack the lincoln. If I was in your president, they would have attacked the jefferson memorial and I stopped it. I stopped a lot of things. I also saved your second amendment, by the way. They want to punish the middle-class, expunge every last trace of traditional values and replace the American dream with a socialist nightmare. The Democrat party has gone crazy, but they have contempt for America. They have contempt for the United States. I don't think biden does, but biden has no power. He's gone, up here, he's gone. The republican party is proud of America. We are proud of America. We love America. We celebrate American values, American history and American culture. And we are working to deliver a truly extraordinary American future, but I want the republican party to get tougher because the republican party, they are very good people but they are not tough enough in terms of our values and what we stand for. They let these other people, these lunatics get away with things like you can't spy on a campaign, you can't try and take over a duly elected President of the United States and get caugh t. And when you get caught, you have to suffer the consequences. It's very simple. Joe biden and the Democrat socialists will kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments -- you see that going all over with seattle. By the way, seattle, they knew we were going in the following day. The night before, they raised their hands and left. Very simple. I said, that's it. Whether they like us or not, we are going in. They took over a big piece of the city. They weren't going to do anything. The night before, they said, these are little facts I give you just to give you. They are supposed to ask us, the governors. These radical left -- if you look at republican run state and cities, they are doing phenomenally well. If you look at these radical left -- look at what happened to my beautiful new york. Since I left, three and a half years, it was doing great. I left. Maybe it is, but I left. I came to washington. What's happened to new york, what they've done to that incredible city and state is so sad. Look at chicago. Look at what's going on there. Look at what's going on. atlanta , look at atlanta, it is so sad what's going on. These are radical left. No bail, no cash bail, no nothing. You kill somebody, no problem. They're going to have to get their act together. They're going to have to get their act together because we are not going to put up with it much longer. They want to dissolve your borders, release criminal aliens, raise your taxes. By the way, i'm cutting your taxes big. Biden -- this guy. Biden wants to substantially raise your taxes. He says i'm only talking about people -- no, he wants to terminate the tax cuts we gave you. That's $2000. You look at the energy cuts and the child tax credit, it's $1000 each. It's $7,000, $8,000 a family. If you are going to terminate it, that means that is $9,000. I don't know about that. Then, he pulls out a piece of paper and starts reading it. He did that yesterday. He pulled out a piece of paper because he couldn't remember the numbers. George is sitting there watching this. He didn't treat me as nice. I did him two weeks ago and he was fine. It is what it is. He's going to ask me a question. You know the expression? He asked you a question, I give him an answer. You can't do any better than that. They were pretty nasty. Not terrible. Last night was - -she was out of line, in my opinion. She was out of line. As I said, just relax. When you watch the one the week before, it's such a difference. The beauty is the people of our country get it. They're smart. They get it better than nbc owned by comcast. I call it "con" cast. They spend a fortune on public relations and I go and call them "concast. " they want to confiscate your guns, drive God from the public square, and abolish -- to defend outr constitution from this madness, I probably nominated judge amy coney barrett to the United States supreme court. She's great, she's so smart. She's so smart, right? She's done a great job. She went through it no problem. They came at her. It was like your atlanta team when they were good a couple of years ago. How the hell did they lose that super bowl? How the hell did that happen? I keep thinking if you own that team and work for that team, that was a long shot. It is one of those things. It was like that team playing a high school football team, right? She was so much more talented than those people are that were trying to embarrass her. The coolest was do you have notes, do you have notes? Right? I don't have notes either, right? Most of this has been off the teleprompter. Many of you would say this is a little boring, let's get out of here, sam. Last night, biden refused to rule out court packing. They may take 16, 17, 18 people. He will pack the court with radical left judges who will shred your second amendment, disarm law-abiding citizens, and protect terrorists and violent criminals. I won the ban from jihadist countries or other countries. If people are bad, we don't want them in. You know what? We don't want people that can't love our country. We don't want people that will hurt our country. I have a ban. Very controversial. We wanted the United States supreme court and we don't let people in from certain countries that are going to look to do bad things to us. Pretty amazing what's happened. Biden's agenda will also be a catastrophe for georgia seniors, seniors. Do we have any seniors in the house? Right? Proud to be seniors, right? For years, biden tried cut your social security and your medicare. Now biden is pledging mass amnesty and free health care to illegal aliens, decimating medicare and destroying your social security. We all -- I have a heart. I don't want to hurt people. Once you say come in, you will get free health care, free education, the whole world will want to come into our country and we are not going to be able to even come close to affording it. I have to take care of our seniors. I can't take care of millions of people that have no intention of coming here before these maniacs may these pledges. He'll bankrupt these programs that financed the left. Open borders. We were just finishing up the wall. They want to take the wall down, some of them. This wall goes deep and high. A lot of bad people are not coming in. They want to take it down. While i'm president, no one will touch your medicare. No one will touch your social security. Under my leadership, we're delivering a safe vaccine and a rapid recovery. I love the recovery because here I am. [applause] two weeks ago, I was not exactly feeling great. When you are president, I told this today, when you are president, you get a lot of doctors. Johns hopkins, walter reed, you get all the great hospitals. You got these geniuses all over the place. None dot hi this. Just leave me alone, fella. S. I was not feeling too great. They gave me something, regeneron. A day later, I felt like superman. Hey, whatever thate hell that stuff was -- brand new, developed because of this. We are going to do something very special. We are going to get it for every person that we think is appropriate, or in other words, every person that needs it. They can call it a therapeutic, but to me it was a cure, because the following day -- when you are President -- we've got more doctors. If anyone gets sick, it's a great time when i'm around because you will have 15 doctors standing over you in about nine seconds. It's happened many times. Somebody gets not so well and all of a sudden you get the greatest doctors you've ever seen. But, this was all developed very recently, months ago. It's incredible the strides we have made. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge. I want a normal life like we had seven months ago. We don't want -- we want a normal life. That will resume. Next year will be one of the greatest years economically in the history of our country because that's where we are going. This election is a choice between a trump recovery and a biden depression. None tell you something. He's going to quadruple your taxes, raise taxes on businesses. All the businesses that moved into our country will move out. You will have a disaster. You will have a depression the likes of which this country has never seen before if these crazy rules -- the three new deal. The green new deal, the real number is $100 trillion. They say we can do it for like $9 trillion. $9 trillion does not work either. The real price is $100 trillion. They want to rip down buildings and build new buildings with tiny little windows. I would like to keep my window, have a nice view of georgia. Think of it. $100 trillion. So, if we had an unbelievable economic surge that lasted 100 years without a problem, we would it make $100 trillion. This is the craziest thing done by aoc plus three who knows nothing about the environment. She doesn't know. She's got a great line of bullshit, that's about it. It's true. She knows nothing about the environment. Aoc plus three. These were not great academics. How about ill handhan omar? I'm going to win minnesota because of ilhan omar. She hates our country. You see the way she talks, she hates our country. No, please don't tell her to leave. That happened once before. They start screaming she should leave and they got me in trouble. Why did he protest? She doesn't like our country. I am going to win. Remember this, minnesota has not been won since 1972 and we are going to win minnesota because of ilhan omar. Well, having minneapolis ripped down, burned down -- they should have called us on day one. Day one. The problem is they keep waiting. How about the cnn reporter? The shaved head. Maybe I will try that someday. I don't know. My poll numbers might go down or they might go up, you never know. But he's standing there, this is a friendly protest. Behind him, the fire is like nine blocks long. It looks like berlin during the worst days of their lives. The fires are raging. This is a friendly protest. Oh, boy, oh,b boy. Then the national guard started moving forward. He got hit in the knee with a canister of teargas and he went down. I've been hurt, i've been injured. These people are crazy. They don't report the violence, the looting on cnn, mscnc, all these different networks. They don't want to talk about them. They want to think everything is wonderful. It's not. The reason it's not, a lot of it is because of them. I will deliver optimism, opportunity and help. This is why we have this kind of spirit. I hate to say it because I don't want to insult georgians, but it's this way all over our country. We have the biggest rallies in the history of politics. Nobody has rallies like this. Look at the people. [applause] look. Im mean, you can't see this. This goes all the way back, you cannot even see how far back. I can't even see the end of it. We have the greatest enthusiasm, the biggest crowds in the history of politics. They don't talk about them. They will say yes, a smattering of people. That is true. They asked the first lady, how did you like it? Were there many people? They didn't show it. They just show your face. She said, but I could hear it. When you go to a georgia football game, when they are doing well, you can't imitate thousands and thousands of people with hundreds of people. Biden had a rally people. Like 13 people showed up and they don't talk about it. They say, -- the one guy made a mistake and called him sleepy joe. That guy's job is done. None biden is here today. He's making a speech on the environment. He has no idea what he's talking about. They don't say there's nobody there. They've got the circles. Like five circles. He goes there and people are standing. Not only are they big -- the guy does a really nice job. Really neat, beautiful, solid. I mean, it would be impossible to catch anything if you are in one of those circles because you are so far away. But, I never joke about it. I don't think it's necessary for sleepy joe to constantly -- he walks onto a stage. Number one, there's no people there. The few people that are there are like, what, 50 yards away? The mask is always so large. It covers the whole -- I shouldn't joke. I shouldn't joke. You know what? Running against the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics puts pressure on the. Could you imagine if I lose? My whole life, what am I going to do? I'm going to say I lost of the worst candidate in the history of politics. I'm not going to feel so good. Maybe I will have to leave the country, I don't know. Biden will deliver pessimism and decline. Again, he's been doing this for 47 years. He says why didn't trump move faster? Well, when I put in the ban on China when they were heavily infected and Europe shortly thereafter, biden kai for me xenophobic. Tell me what that means. Please tell me. He was unable to define it. He wrote it down. Xenophobic. And he calls me a racist, I think, because it was so early. Now time goes by and he says he should have done it earlier. But, he was months behind me, remember? He thought it was terrible we closed down to China. Fauci said very nicely trump saved thousands of lives by making that decision. To be honest, I was just about the only one who wanted to do it. Joe biden would terminate our recovery, delay the vaccine, prolong the pandemic and annihilate georgia's economy. And you are doing a great job. You have a governor that's working hard and he's doing a great job. I don't even know if he's here, but he's working hard and is doing a great job. We are going to find out. You've got a great first lady. We are working to safely reopen the schools. Reopen the schools. Get those schools open all over our country. It is so bad. Barron, right? Barron tested positive, my son. I said are you ok? Iu'm ok. Two seconds later, he's ok now. Because he has a great immune system. 99. 9-something percent. They are young and strong for this particular disease. The flu, they have problems with young children, real death problems. For this, it is 99. 99-something. Barron tested positive. The first lady is doing great. A great job. [applause] she didn't do the regeneron thing. She did it the old-fashioned way, she got better. Barron, young kid, healthy kid, but he tested positive. By the time I got to speak to the doctor, how's he doing? He's ok now. It's gone? You see what happens. And then you are immune. Barron -- everyone loves barron. Do you think he's tall enough? A tall young guy. But, he's doing good. It's an amazing thing. That's why they have to get back to school. We have to protect our seniors very much. That is what we are doing, but we have to protect our seniors and we have to protect certain groups especially our seniors where they have a heart problem or diabetes problem. We've got to get our business is open. In your case, your governor was very early, he did a great job. You look at what's happened to new york, you look at what's happening in michigan. We won the cosase. She was keeping everybody in prison, except her husband. No, she was keeping everyone in prison. Pennsylvania, they got to open the state. We are going to do well in pennsylvania, too, watch. North carolina, we have Mark meadows here from north carolina. Our great chief of staff. Where is Mark? Our great chief of staff. He's working. He's a very successful Congressman and he has been doing a fantastic job. Where is Mark? He's doing a great job. Is it an easy job, Mark? No problem. But, biden will close your classrooms. You know that. He said the other day he will follow science. That means if fauci says close it up, he will close of the country? Not going to happen. If you look at the numbers, the numbers are great. He wants to throw your children out of the school, close up your schools and shut down your workplace. We are setting records for employment, unemployment, all sorts of records economically. Europe, which has imposed punishing, horrible, really strong lockdowns, is now experiencing a massive surge in cases. The fake news would say look at Europe. We are doing better than europe, but now Europe is exploding. They will be ok, but they are exploding. Biden's plan would crush America. My plan would crush the virus and America will be stronger than ever before. [applause] so, our early and aggressive action saved, I think at least 2 million lives. We pioneered lifesaving therapies and reduce the fatality rate 85%. Think of that. That is over a six month period. I'm working to make the antibody treatment. I said it and I got it. For me, it was great and I bet for a lot of people it is great. These are great scientists that came up with the some other great medicines of the last 10 years. Also, eli lilly, it is very similar. We are going to make it available for free to anybody who needs it. Free. Should be getting final approval very soon. I'm getting approvals from the fda that people would have taken three years to get. But it's political. They could have had it faster. Nobody wanted me to get the approval before the election. I'm not thinking about the election, I am about saving lives. To hell with the election. It got a little political. Operation warp speed, we will have 100 million vaccine doses before the end of the year, maybe substantially before that. The vaccine will end the pandemic once and for all. They hate it when I saidy it because the vaccine is looking great. Numerous companies, johnson & johnson, moderna, all of them, they are great. You know what? Without the vaccine, it is ending too. It is ending without the vaccine. The vaccine is going to make it go quicker. Let's get rid of it. We want it to get the hell out of here. We are joined tonight by a man who I am so proud that I gave a very early endorsement to. I did it because of David purdue. [applause] David said, mr. President, I have somebody who is running for governor. I said governor of where? He said the great state of georgia. I said, tell me, what's his story? Tell me about him. I did a little research and the only thing that mattered to me, he's all trump all the way. I didn't know him. A very successful past. He likes trump. It's hard to endorse people that don't like you. Somehow I have a little problem with that. But I said what's his name? Brian kemp and he's a really smart guy. I endorsed him. He went on to win. His wonderful wife is even better than him. I have to tell you, we campaigned together. We campaigned together and I mean, I have never seen -- we campaigned against stacy. We had oprah. Oprh used to be friend of mine. She liked the key lime pie. Want to do this stuff, you lose a lot of friends very quickly. That's ok. We had barack obama, michelle obama, they practically lived in georgia. All brian had was trump and brian won fairly easily. Brian kemp. Great guy. Marty, thank you very much. That's great. He's a great governor and he was ahead of the curve. He said we've got to get this thing open. Those are the states that are doing the best. The ones that are doing these lockdowns, not to mention the problems caused with depression, drugs, uncle hall is him and all the other things. None thank brian and marty. You are doing good. Hello my doing by the way? Over going to win it? If I don't, I will take my endorsement away. No, you are doing great job as governor. Brian kemp. [applause] another guy who has been a friend of mine for a long time, he's a very successful man. He did what I did. He wanted to give back. He loves this state like crazy, he loves our country. He's casting a movie and I want to pick a Senator. You know what I do? I've got to get David purdue to play the role but he's respected by everybody in washington. He is respected and revered, and he brings back the bacon to this state. He came to see me. David, stand up. He came -- he came to see me about the farmers. That is how I got involved in the whole thing and the hurricane and all the damage. We brought in a lot of money for our farmers in georgia, right? Thank you very much. You are doing a fantastic job. Can even believe, the guide that is running against him, I beat him once before. Two years ago, he was running against a very good karen handel and she's doing very well. He was running against her and we defeated him. He said he's running against David. I said this guy is not in the same league with David purdue. I mean, that puts a lot of pressure on David just like I have pressure on me. It puts pressure on David. It will be easier to run against someone who is good. He's a radical left, schumer-pelosi guy. He's bad on the second amendment. He didn't even live in the district. We defeated him once and I hear you will defeat him again. Thank you, david, thank you. So, a person who has become a friend of mine and brian thought she was fantastic. I said how would you handle pressure? This is a rough, mean business. I found out she can handle pressure. She has been fantastic. She was with me 100% on the impeachment hoax. She has been with us the whole way and she's a great woman. Her husband is a great man and very successful man. Some people would like to say the husband is a great failure, his wife is better. No, he's a really respected person and he loves his wife. Kelly leffler. Kelly, thank you. Great job. Great job, kelly. Great job. My only problem she is running against another great guy. I'm backing both of them because doug collins is here. Where is doug? [applause] boy, am I in a lousy position. I like them both, I love them both. He has been unbelievable with the impeachment hoax and everything else. He's a warrior, she's a warrior. You know what I like? They are both going to the polls, they will bring the people with them. You know who the biggest winner is going to be? Trump because everybody that votes for both of them is going to vote for me. Regardless of what happens, they are both going to be winners because whoever doesn't officially win is going to have an unbelievable future and i'm going to make sure of it, ok? I mean it. But what a lousy position to be in, David. Oh, boy. We have somebody -- jodey. A warrior. Thank you very much for everything. Only leading the district by 5000 points so we are not worried too much. You are doing a great job, we appreciate it. Barry loudermilk, thank you very much. Great job, great job. These are incredible. Rick allen. Rick, thank you. Another one, a guy who knows more about the farming industry -- when I was picking the secretary of agriculture, they had all these political people come in. Do you know anything about farms? No, but a quick learner. I'm interviewing these people. I went through about nine of them, and so far, you know what corn looks like? Do you know anything? Some of them had absolutely zero. Have you ever been to a farm? No, sir, but i'm willing to learn. I meet this guy named sonny perdue. Right? Sonny came. I remember that meeting. Sonny came into my office. By the way, David called and sonny called about brian. Both of them. He comes into my office and I am telling you, to this day, I learned more about farming and that 45 minute meeting than I learned ever in my life. I learned it all from you and you have done a great job. You have delivered $28 billion and another $13 billion is coming for our farmers. [applause] he has been great. An incredible secretary of agriculture. Stand up again, sonny. By the way, I guess he was also your governor for like eight years, right? I don't even count that. I don't care about that. He was a very popular governor, brian. But he was your governor for eight years. He has been a fantastic secretary of agriculture. Thank you. I'm glad I could say it in front of your home friends. And state representative vernon jones. How about vernon? [applause] man, what a guy. Look at this. You know, I saw him on television a few months ago and he's talking about trump is the greatest. What he's done for our military. I say he's a great guy. Obviously, I said he's a republican. They put the thing on the bottom, vernon jones, Democrat from wherever the healthy comes from. I said there must be a typo. He's better than any republican, I can't believe it. I checked him out he's a Democrat who loves trump and we love him. Thank you. He's a popular guy. Amazing. Spoke at tour convention. Somebody who is doing a fantastic job insuring commissioner John king. Appreciate it. Public service commissioners bubba mcdonald and tricia pridemore. Thank you both. Thank you. And somebody who better lead us to victory or I will never speak to them again, we will have a new state chairman of the georgia gop if we don't win, but we are going to win, David schaefer. David, thank you. How are we doing, good? Way up. I saw a poll we are way up. You know what they do in politics? David purdue told me this. Pretend you are one point down and work your ass off and then just sit home and watch. That's what happened four years ago. Was that the greatest evening ever? But, this is going to be better. This is going to be better. This is in its own way even more important. Candidates for Congress andrew clyde. Thank you. Good luck. I heard you are doing really well. And somebody that I just think it is fantastic. This one, I never, ever want to have her as my enemy. Marjorie taylor greene. She's so unbelievable. You're so unbelievable. Thank you. I look at the poll numbers here, you are really up. Just pretend you are one point down but you are doing great. Congratulations, great job. And finally, angela stanton king. It will be another great victory. That is going to be a great victory. Thank you very much. Great job. Last but not least, we have a women who won us the state of michigan. She was the chair of michigan and she kept bringing me back and back and back. I said who is this woman? We won michigan -- by the way, we are up in michigan. It was just announced. We have a lot of car companies moving into michigan. Thank you. Thank you. She's done a fantastic job. When it came time to pick the head of the republican national committee, I said who was that woman in michigan who kept getting me back there? Every week, sir, you have to come back. Michigan has not been won in 38 years. She said I am telling you are going to win. Each time I said that's it. She said that's ok. The next day, I have to come back. It was actually my last stop. 1:00 in the morning election day, we had 32,000 people show up in grand rapids. Grand rapids, michigan. We ended up winning the state of michigan, first time in many decades. Now we are doing well. We're up in michigan. Why? Because they have no car companies, no plants for 44 years. They are building plants all over the state of michigan because of me. They are coming in from japan. They are coming in from Germany. They are building plans all over and expanding plants. I think michigan likes us. Thank you very much. Congratulations. Done great job. Get out there for these three candidates for senate. They are unbelievable people. Three unbelievable people. We appreciate it. Under my administration, we built the greatest economy in the history of the world which is true. There's never been anything like it. Now we are doing it again. I see these ads make America great again. I say make America great again. Make America great again. [applause] we had it done and then the plague came in from China. We're tariffing the hell out of them. Our farmers were talking, we give it to the farmers. In my first three years, family income increased by $6,000. Think of that. $6,000 a family. More than five times the gains in all eight years under the obama-biden administration. Remember this, and I said it today, if they were good, I wouldn't be your President. If they were good, I would not have even run but they were horrible. If they were good, and I did run, I wouldn't have won because I they would have done a good job. They were horrible. They had ferguson. They had all the problems in different places. Oakland. Baltimore. They have nothing but problems, it was a disaster. The trade deals were the worst and the Iran deal with $150 billion, we got nothing. $1. 8 billion in cash. African-american income grew nine times more, nine times than it did under biden and obama. They called up, david, today. Sir, we have bad news. Obama is going to start campaigning for sleepy joe. I said is that good or bad? He campaigned harder for hillary than she did. You know? He was very ineffective as a campaigner. I think that is good news. But if you remember, he was the Vice President for eight years and obama refused to endorse him. You know why? Because he knows he is mentally shot. And obama, he's a patriot. He says you can't have a guy like this. And then he ended up looking out because warren would not get up the race so they were splitting up the vote. What did he do? It took him forever to make the endorsement. Finally -- because he couldn't believe it. He couldn't believe this guy won. But they said he's going to be campaigning for him. Just remember what I said. He never thought it was possible that he won. Even after he won, he couldn't do it. To bring opportunities, security, fairness and prosperity the black communities, I have recently announced the platinum plan which is a big deal. We will create 3 million new jobs for black americans, increase access to capital, restore safety to every neighborhood and we will deliver school choice, which is the most important thing. We are doing that. That's all done. Remember this, and I say this and some people think it's like a lot but it's true. They don't challenge me. With the exception of abraham lincoln, nobody has done more for the black community than donald trump, and it's true. I got criminal justice reform, that was me. That was not anybody else but me. They came to see me. I got criminal justice reform done, prison reform. Opportunity zones done with tim scott from south carolina. Great senator, great men, great person. I got all of this stuff done, opportunity zones. We did historically black colleges and universities, every year, they would come up, the heads of these colleges and universities, black colleges and universities, really good people. After the third year, I said how come you keep coming? Because they didn't have a deal. What do you feel like? One man said I feel like a beggar because every year we come up and beg for money. I got them 10 year absolute funding. Historically black colleges. Obama wouldn't do it. Biden would not do it. Nobody did it. I did it. Just remember, criminal justice reform. That's the biggest thing. Biden has vowed to ban school choice and charters schools, devastating the black community. We have spent the last four years reversing the damage that joe biden inflicted over the last 47 years with his stupidity. He backed nafta, tpp which would have been a disaster, and china's entry into the world trade organization, one of the worst things that has ever happened to our country. For decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars, countries you've never even heard of. And defending foreign borders but we didn't defend our own borders. Now we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities and we are bringing our jobs, our factories and our troops back home to the usa. About time. About time. [applause] they are all coming home. They are all coming home. We invested $2. 5 trillion in the u. s. Military and lodged the first new branch of the United States armed forces in 75 years. So necessary, the space force. [applause] and for our great veterans, we passed v. a. Choice and v. a. Accountability. You heard two weeks ago, we got a 91% approval rating from our vets. First time it's ever happened. We took over 100% of the Isis caliphate in iraq and Syria. When I took over, it was a mess. We killed the leader of Isis who was trying to reform isis, al-baghdadi is dead. We took out the world's number one terrorist and the mass murderer of American troops and troops all over the world and many people, salomeolemani is dead. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. Speent $150 billion to Iran which they used for terror. $1. 8 billion in cash, I terminated. My first phone call if I win will be from the head of Iran saying let's make a deal. Their economy is in tatters right now. They went down 27% gdp. I have ever heard of such a thing. We don't want that. We want them to do fine but they can never have a nuclear weapon. I recognize the true capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. It's all built. It's all built. It's all built. Not only did we get it approved, I got the building built. I said find a building on a site that we own. They were going to spend $2 billion to build an embassy. I said that sounds like a lot. I told our great ambassador, we have any land in Jerusalem? Yeah, we have a great site. Take a look at it and call me. There's a building we can renovate. We will spend anywhere from $1 billion to $2 billion. I said let's do something. He called me back and said we can renovate the building for $350,000 we have. First time in my life, in my business career I ever did this. I said it is too cheap, does not sound good. Normally I would say, let's make it 250. I said use like $500,000 and use Jerusalem stone. I've got a guy, he's got Jerusalem stone in the lobby of his office building. He said we are in Jerusalem. The whole place is Jerusalem stone and it was cheap as hell. We built this building for under $500,000 and it's been open for a long time. And every President for many decades said they would do it and not one of them got it done. And I got it done and got the building built. [applause] I also recognize israeli sovereignty over the goal line heights. 52 years they were working on it. I got it done in about two and a half hours. Instead of endless war, we are forging peace in the Middle East without blood all over the sand. You see what's going on. Uae, bahrain. We have countries lined up to sign. The fact is I did more in 47 months then sleepy joe biden did in 47 years. Now the Democrats are pushing the most far left ever put forward by a presidential nominee. The biden plan would destroy social security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions. People with pre-existing conditions, they are never going to get it. This green new deal will destroy our country. It's crazy. When I first heard it, I thought they were joking actually. I thought, oh, not even cows do they want. I think I gave up on that. They won't ever give up. Biden's running mate sponsored a bill to outsource private health insurance. 180 million people that love their private plans. Those plans are going to be gone. Biden vowed to terminate our travel bans on jihadist regions and serve refugee admissions 700%, opening the floodgates to radical islamic terrorism. Your state in your country will be overrun and overwhelmed. We will have no money and we will indeed be another venezuela, very large-scale version. A vote for republicans is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all americans. It's a vote for the American dream. The American dream and we are going to have a bigger and better than we've ever had it before. In conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It's already taking place. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. Second amendment. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep America out of these absolutely ridiculous, endless foreign wars. Our troops are coming home. We will maintain america's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength. And I want to tell you, we have the greatest weapons, much of it built ever in the history of any country in the world. We are the envy of China and Russia and North Korea and everybody. When I came here, one of our most overrated generals in the world told me, one of the most overrated generals, he said we have no ammunition. I said no President should ever hear that. Now we have ammunition like you wouldn't believe. We have rockets and we have missiles and we have tanks and we have f-35's and all sorts of aircraft, tankers and bombers. Only hope to God we never have to use it. $2. 5 trillion. We will and surprise medical building. Require price transfers and further reduce the cost of prescription drugs. They will be coming down 80%, 90%, 70%. We will strongly protect medicare and social security. We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will add the first woman on the moon. And we will be the first to land in astor net on mars. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education our schools. [cheering] we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. We will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust. For years you had a President who apologized for American now you have a President who is standing up for America. In standing up for the great state of georgia. I love georgia. Early voting is underway. Get your friends and family and neighbors and coworkers. Get out and vote early. A giant red wave is coming. From atlanta to augustine or, from savannah to columbus, and from marietta to right here in macon, georgia. Macon, georgia. We inherit the legacy of georgia patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean to blaze a trail. Settled the continent, tames the wilderness, dug out the panama canal. Lay down the railroads, raised up the giant skyscrapers, won two world wars and defeated fascism and communism. Made America the greatest country in the history of the world. We are making a greater every single day. [cheering] proud citizens like you helped build this country. Together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help and devotion and drive, we are going to keep on working. Keep on fighting. We will keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. Together with the incredible people of georgia, we have made America wealthy again. We had made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you.