ID: CSPANDT301202034
Title: President Trump Rally in Des Moines, Iowa
Date: 2020-01-30

You just got to of the greatest trade deals. Add japan to it. Let's make it three. Usmca all done, China all done, for the farmers. You will have to get bigger tractors and a hell of a lot more land. [cheering] you have to produce a lot of product. Hello, it is great to be with you. I am thrilled to be back in the American heartland with thousands of hard-working American patriots. Great people. This november, we are going to defeat the radical socialist Democrats who are right on the street. I just saw polls from the failing new york times. It will be out of business. They did a poll of iowa. They have me pitted against every one of the socialists. We are winning by a lot, everyone, we are beating them all. [cheering] all the noises about their crazy debates, nobody is watching them. They don't care about the farmers. You should love trump. [cheering] we are going to win the great state of iowa. It will be a historic landslide. If we do not win, your farms are going to hell, I can tell you that right now. They will be saying, sell. We love the farmers, ranchers, manufacturers, you have plenty of that in this state. It is a great state. You have a great governor. [cheering] every day we are achieving extraordinary victories for the citizens of the hawkeye state. [cheering] the iowa unemployment rate has reached an all-time low in history. That is something. That is not bad. Let's vote for pocahontas. Let's vote for bernie. [booing] let's vote for sleepy joe. [booing] he always gets the name wrong. How many times has he missed it. He is in iowa, he says, great to be in the great state of ohio. They say, joe, you are in iowa. You cannot do that. No matter how great you speak. If you are winston churchill, if you make that mistake at the beginning of your speech, it is over. There is the fake news. [booing] they will absolutely destroy you. You cannot do that. Sleepy joe. How about buttigieg? They call him mayor pete. Because nobody can pronounce his last name. He presides over a city that is failed. In a state that is having the greatest year they have ever had. They have a great governor. They had a great governor. You just heard from him. The great state of indiana. We have some people, let's not talk about them. What happened to mini mike? He is skipping four or five states. More people are working right now in iowa than ever before. Think of it. Yesterday we replaced the nafta disaster with the incredible, brand-new u. s. -mexico-canada agreement. [cheering] I have always had a great memory. Sometimes you take little clues. Usmca. Thank you, darling, I love you too. [cheering] where is that person? Look at that. What a good, strong voice. Thank you. You know how you remember it? The song. When you are having a hard time, just think of the song, "ymca. " is ist is a massive win for iowa workers and farmers. It creates fairness with canada, with mexico. Probably the biggest reason Iran is the unfair trade I have seen. One after one, china, mexico, canada, japan, south korea, we have made all of these deals and we have plenty left over. [cheering] Europe is next. I wanted to finish China before we started on Europe. I like to do them one at a time. I am a very organized person. Weeks ago, we signed a terrific new trade agreement with China that will boost American agriculture by $50 billion every year. [cheering] and many other businesses like manufacturing, banking, finance. I have a place in my heart for the farmers. I saw the ambassador who was in charge who was fantastic. He was getting ready for the final deal. I asked sonny perdue, what is the biggest number that China has ever done with the farmers? He said, $16 billion. They targeted you. Now we are friends with China. Maybe we have never had a better relationship. We are working with them very closely on the coronavirus. We only have five people. Hopefully everything will be great. They have somewhat of a problem. Hopefully it will all be great. We are working with China and other countries very closely. It is something we have to be very careful with. [applause] I said to sonny perdue, secretary of agriculture, you are targeted. I don't blame China. They are smart. They targeted trump states. Iowa, nebraska, wisconsin. The farmers came to see me and they said, sir, you have to do what is right. When the fake news would interview farmers, they would say, no, he is doing the right thing. It should have been done years ago. [cheering] you could not have made it because there was too much money. I put a 25% tariff on everything coming in from China. Then more tariffs on things beyond that. We took in billions and billions of dollars. Then what happened when I heard about the farmers? They came to see me. 36 farmers. They say, we do not want anything. Everybody wants money. They said, we just want a level playing field. [applause] we have been treated badly for years. I said, you have not been given a level playing field for years. In the meantime, I will give you $12 billion out of these tens of billions of dollars we are collecting. You got $28 billion over that short time. I told sonny, I want to take care of the small farmers, too. [applause] I never forgot when cnn, they go around interviewing the farmers, they could never find anyone saying anything bad about trout. They go into diners. They would say, no, they are doing -- he is doing what should have been done 20 years ago. [booing] now you people are going to make so much money. Just relax. Take it easy. Enjoy your life. You're going to make a lot of money. We have never had, because they respect us now. We have never had a better relationship with China. It is a beautiful story. [applause] the whole world respects us now. We are respected again. America is respected again. [cheering] we are fighting for products made in America and grown right here in this great state of iowa. We built the United States military. It is now stronger, more powerful, more lethal than ever before. We have brand-new equipment. It was all built here in the usa. Thanks to the courage of American heroes, the Isis caliphate has been totally destroyed and its founder and leader is that. -- dead. Crazy nancy Pelosi said, do not call him an animal, he is a human being. No, he is an animal. Two weeks ago, the military delivered another historic win for American justice. Our brave warriors launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's number one terrorist. He was the mastermind of the roadside bomb. When you see great soldiers of our country and other countries walking around, they don't have legs, arms, you see them walking around or writing around, these people have the greatest energy. I go to walter reed and see them. A young man, his legs were blown off. He said he wants to get back. The spirit of these people. It may even top the farmers. [cheering] he was responsible more than anyone else, 90%, they say, of these roadside bombs. He was responsible. He took a hard hit. He was responsible for murdering and maiming thousands and thousands of americans. And hundreds and thousands of other people. Not acceptable. He was actively planning new attacks, but we ended his bloody rampage. [cheering] yet washington Democrats like crazy bernie and nancy Pelosi opposed our decision to eliminate him. And to save American lives. While we are proudly creating jobs and killing terrorists, congressional Democrats are consumed with partisan rage and obsessed with a witch hunt hoax. [booing] we are having probably the best years we have ever had in the history of our country. And I just got impeached. Can you believe these people? They impeach trump. We have accountability for the vets. And they impeach a President. No, that will not work. Watch. Just watch. They want to nullify your ballots, poison our democracy, and overthrow the entire system of government. That is not happening, I can tell you that. [cheering] washington Democrats have spent the last three years trying to overturn the last election. Why am I not worried? Remember nixon, it was a dark time. With clinton, it was not good. With johnson, a long time ago, none of us remember, it was a very dark time. This is said -- a happy period for us. [cheering] [chants of u. s. a. !] it is a happy period because we call this impeachment light. Crazy schiff. Shifty schiff. He is a sick puppy. None I hit my highest ball numbers since I got elected. -- poll numbers since I got elected. The American people and people all over the world know it is a hoax. We have a great party, the republican party. They know what is going on. They will treat us very rarely. The Democrats are trying to overturn the last election. We will make sure that they face another crushing defeat. November 3, market off. Was that a great day? 2016. [cheering] remember, he is not going to do well with this group. I did well. He will not do well here or there. Even the exit polls. You know what they did not know? When people are leaving, they are always very accurate. Who are you voting for? I am voting for trump or clinton. But this time something happened. What an we like to run against her? Who is tougher, her, crazy bernie, biden, buttigieg? Who would be the toughest? I don't know, maybe we take another crack at crazy hillary, would that be ok? [cheering] she was so easy. Remember that speech talking about deplorables? Remember deplorables? They said that is terrible. But she said another word that is worse. Irredeemables. I said, she is in trouble. She said our people are irredeemable. It was not that word that caught on. It was deplorable. The next day I am speaking in women are walking around, I am deplorable. I think she made a bad speech last night. Irredeemable, remember? She called them deplorable and irredeemable. A lot of things got her, like lack of ability. Together we are going to win back the house. Hold the senate. And keep that beautiful, gorgeous, incredible white house. [cheering] people don't realize this is a lot of work. I just left michigan. Michigan is booming now because of me. I met with prime minister abe. I said you have to do something, you have these massive deficits for our country. You have to open up plants in michigan. Countries are coming in from all over the world. They are coming to michigan, iowa, they are buying your stuff again. They are going to ohio, pennsylvania, south carolina. Florida. They are all coming back. I ran on the issue of trade. I used to say, how do we allow these companies to close and fire everyone? Make the product and sell the product into our country. Who the hell would allow this to happen? I went to south korea and said, we have to make a new deal. They gave us $500 million. That is nothing compared to what they have to do. They will pay more. They made a trade deal with the United States. Hillary clinton was in charge of the deal. We renegotiated the deal. Now we have a good deal. [cheering] this deal is going to produce 250,000 jobs. For south korea. She did not live. She lied about a lot of other things. How is she taking her defeat? Ok? Remember the debate? Do you promise, if you lose, that you will support the winner? I did not exactly say yes. I did not say yes. I got like 68% there. I think sleepy joe, crazy bernie, I don't even want to put buddha joe's in. I think they would be tougher than her. The good people of iowa have had a front row seat to the lunacy and the madness of the totally sick left. Some people are not allowed to say the Democrat party because it does not sound good. I don't think the way it sounds good. I'm not looking to have them look good. Today's Democrat party is run by left-wing extremists who want to massively raise your taxes, increase regulations, cancel your health plan, raise medicare, shutdown American energy, destroy your social security. [booing] eliminate religious freedom. Punish free speech. Confiscate your guns. Abolish your borders. And indoctrinate america's children with hateful, left-wing ideology. Other than that, they are ok. This election is a choice between American freedom and democratic socialism. The Democrats will lose because America will never be a socialist country. [cheering] we can't do it. [chants of u. s. a!] they are all watching tonight, sitting in their hotel room right down the street. They are looking at this crowd. The press never talks about my crowds. In new jersey, we had sign-ups for 175,000 people. We had an arena that held about 9000 people. We could've sold it out many different times. They do not talk about that. They say, Donald Trump. If bernie or sleepy joe had a crowd that was so slow, they would set up a roundtable. They were in a gymnasium. People of being asked, what do you think of socialism? They said, I just want to be here to watch a speech. They never mention crowds. They never mentioned anything. Usmca, the biggest trade deal ever signed in the history of the world. It barely got any mention. They talk about the impeachment hoax. All of the other stuff. But the trade deal that will change our country, bring growth. Growth will be astronomical. In the papers and on the fake news cable shows, nbc is horrible. The nbc nightly news is terrible. People don't watch it like they used to because they don't believe it. Msdnc. Cnn, total fake stuff. Their camera just went off. That always happens. Americans across the political spectrum were disgusted by the washington democrats, the partisan hoaxes, the witch hunts, the con jobs. They do not love our country. You look at nancy pelosi's district in san francisco. It was so beautiful and now it is a disgrace. Needles all over the place, I will not get into it. Washing down into the ocean. On to their beaches. People living in tents if they are lucky. Living on their most importance entryways into what was a great city. What has happened? All she does is work on the hoax. These people are very bad for our country. We have to take back the house of representatives. [cheering] registered Democrats and independents are leaving the Democrat party in droves. And we are welcoming these people to the republican party with wide open arms. We are thrilled to be joined tonight by a lot of your great leaders. I will not mention all of the names. One they do not mind is governor kim reynolds. Come up, kim, come up. Great job. Thank you. She was driving me a little bit batty. What about ethanol? I said, kim, I am doing a lot for that. We want ethanol. We want biofuel. She is asking for things I never heard of. We got them all. Whatever the hell she asked for. Joni ernst and the great chuck grassley are right now in washington fighting for fairness. Fighting the hoax. Fighting for all of us. They called and said, do you mind if we do not go tonight? I said, I want you to be where you are. They are fighting for us. They are great people. [cheering] chuck grassley, joni ernst, they would call and say, we have to help our farmers. The speaker of the iowa house of representatives, a man with really fantastic genes, although you had an x governor here who had great genes. This is representative Pat grassley. Those two young men have the greatest genes anyone has ever had for politics. [cheering] his father is the ambassador to China. Do think he is happy? I think he is happy. Great governor. Longest-running governor in history. We have the chairman of the republican party of iowa. We have the world's tallest campaign manager. What a job he did negotiating. We have somebody you have never heard of. Somebody who is a fantastic person. Somebody named sarah sanders. Have you ever heard of her? [cheering] come here, sarah. Come on. [cheering] that is pretty good. We have a great football player from iowa, matt whitaker. Thank you. Very popular. She was a terrific person. Great person. Thanks to republican leadership, America now has the hottest economy anywhere on the planet. Not even close. Every prime minister, president, king, queen, dictator, they all say, how do you do it? The truth is, we have certain advantages. We have the greatest people in the world. Since the election, we have created 7 million new jobs. The average unemployment rate under my administration is lower than any previous administration in the history of our country. [cheering] african-american, hispanic american, and asian American unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels ever recorded. More than 2 million millennials, young, great people with a lot of future, they have jobs and their wages have around by nearly 5% annually. That is a record. [cheering] another record is that between the ages of 25 and 34, people are now working. That is a record. [cheering] under the so-called trump economy, the lowest paid earners are reaping the fastest gains of any group. That is a great thing. This is a blue-collar boom. That is a good thing. Earnings for the bottom 10% are rising faster than earnings for the top 10% for the first time ever. Median household income is at an all-time high. Including the tax cuts, which are massive. And all of the regulatory cuts and other things you have gotten. $10,000. It is unthinkable. It is one of the reasons the economy is doing so well. Let the people down the road tell you about that. Those tractors that I told you to buy, they will be 60 years old if they have anything to do with it. They will be old, tired, exhausted. Your land will be exhausted. You will be exhausted. We ended the war on American energy. The u. s. Is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth. By far. We are also proudly promoting American ethanol. [cheering] biofuel, also. The socialist Democrats want to shut down American energy. They represent -- support representative because io cortez -- ocasio-cortez. [booing] I cannot even believe it. The green new deal, which would crush our farms, destroy our wonderful cows. I love cal's. -- cows. They want to kill our cows. That means you are next. They want to wipe out iowa ethanol. But we will never let that side get in. That is the least of it. I don't want to attack the green new deal. They might change it. I said, it should be studied carefully. We should look at it closely. I don't want to talk about it until two months before the election. They don't tell you how totally insane it is. How about this crazy Senator from hawaii? She said she was totally in favor of the green new deal. That would mean there are no more airplanes. They started screaming at her and hawaii. How the hell are we going to get to hawaii? They fly around and brand-new golf streams all over the place -- gulfstreams all over the place. They are talking about the carbon footprint. Jobs and investment are now rushing into newly designated opportunity zones right here in iowa. Rich people are investing vast amounts of money. Senator tim scott came into my office and said, I have an idea i've wanted to do for years. But we have never had a President who could pull it off. We did it and there is nothing anyone has ever seen like this. Money is being poured into these communities. What is happening is incredible. Politicians ran for office protecting -- promising to protect workers and farmers. But then they went to washington and looked at those beautiful marble columns and the gorgeous ceilings, the way they used to build the buildings. They don't build them like that anymore. We are building a wall. Over 100 miles long already and moving fast. They went to washington and they sold you out. That is what happened. Globalist politicians allowed other countries to rob our workers and ransacked our communities. The era of economic surrender is over. Now we are finally putting America first. Before I took office, washington looked the other way while china's goal are -- China stole our secrets. Those secrets were being stolen. Many other places where stealing your secrets. Our new agreement with China will protect our intellectual property and pry open vast new markets for American beef, poultry, pork, seafood, rice, dairy, and so much more. [cheering] it is true, China is so big. 1. 5 billion people. We are just touching it. You have the best product in the world. If it all works out, it will keep expanding. 250 billion dollars will end up being much, much more than that. [cheering] when we were signing, we were almost finished. I asked, how much are the farmers getting? The ambassador said, we put $20 billion. I said, make it $50 billion. Even people said, we cannot produce that much. I said, that is a good problem. I said you better make it 50. I want those farmers to come back and say, sir, we cannot do it. We cannot produce that much. I don't think that whatever happened. I said, they will figure a way. The usmca is another colossal victory for American agriculture, like you have never had before. We suffered for a year and a half. They said, don't ever use the word subsidy. We will increase total agriculture exports by more than $2 billion annually. Including huge dairy and iowa dairy and pork and poultry alone. Justin those small areas. It is called promises made, promises kept. [cheering] last time I came, I never did this before, I never ran, so they all said, you cannot do this. One by one they started dropping out. Then I was left with one, hillary clinton. That worked out very nice. He cannot get to 270. I went to maine. A lot. Many times. They said maybe, if you have a great night, 269. But I got 306. [cheering] they were right. You cannot get to 270. You can get to 306. In the eight years before my election, net farm income plummeted. If you look at a chart, for 15 years, it is like a roller coaster ride. Soybeans, take a look at it all. It was a one-way street. Everybody was ripping off the American farmer. Now you will see numbers that will be great. It is incredible what is going on. I love it. You deserve it. You suffered a lot. With people who are stupid. They were stupid. Under three years of my administration, net farm income has already gone up nearly 50% and will now be rising even faster. Are you going to vote for bernie? Here I am on the debate stage. Net income has gone up for the farmers 50%. How the hell do I lose this debate? Based on the polls, I guess i'm not going to lose in the state or any other state. [cheering] this is really true all over the country. This is happening all over, not just iowa. Illegal immigration costs our nation hundreds of billions of dollars, drains public services, over crowds our schools and hospitals, and threatens innocent American lives at a number that you would not even believe. But we have it closed up. We have a lot of great people. Right here in des moines, a twice supported -- deported illegal alien was charged with shooting and killing a in this region of the county alone, 4000 illegal aliens were charged or convicted of robbery, raped, and murder. People would come in by the hundreds of thousands. We have no idea who they are. Many are fine people and all of that, but some are stone cold rapists and murderers and people that their countries don't want. Guatemala, honduras, el salvador, and even mexico. Right now we have a love affair with mexico because the Democrats wouldn't give us what we needed, mexico is great, they put up 27,000 soldiers on our southern border. The numbers are plummeting. 87% down. So the President of mexico is doing a great job. And we ended catch and release. Do you think that was easy? You catch a criminal, you take their number, and you release them and they never come back. We say come back, please, in three years. Come back if you don't mind in three years. We released them into our country. Totally ended it. Catch and release. May we please have your address and your phone number? Welcome to the United States. Now we are going to release you. In three point five years we will schedule a court appearance for you. You are supposed to be perry mason, you take them to court. Other countries they catch you at the border and say sorry, you've got to get out. We say, can I have your information, we are taking you to court. Today's Democrat party vilifies the heroes of law enforcement and pledges to dissolve immigration control entirely. They want open borders. They won hundreds of thousands of people to flow into our country. And some of those people are stone cold killers. Some of those people in the caravans. I came up with that name. They don't give me credit for anything. They don't give me credit for fake news. They turn the term around. Left-wing politicians even support deadly sanctuary cities that release criminal aliens directly into American communities. We don't want them. In new york city, the sanctuary policy recently re-forced -- forced the release of an l. a. -- an alien charged with murder. The Ice warriors are very tough and they love our country. They are taking ms 13 gang members, they are about as tough as you get. They are taking them out of our country by the thousands. By the thousands. That's a tough job, but they love to do it. Sanctuary city policies are immoral and lethal and they really are something that has to be stopped. They have to be stopped now. Thankfully here in iowa, your great republican governor, sometimes referred to as governor reynolds, signed a statewide ban on sanctuary cities. Thank you, kim. That is why we need to elect more republicans nationwide to end sanctuary cities in all 50 states. Thank you, kim reynolds. You know, I endorsed her. So I want to take full credit for the job she is doing. I endorsed her very early. She has done a great job. Democrats stand for crime, corruption, and chaos. Republicans stand for law, order, and justice. We are finding the illegal gang members, drug dealers, and throwing them out of our country, ideally. We don't want to put them in prison because we have to pay for them for the next 50 years. But sometimes we have to, they are too dangerous and we have no choice. We have reduced illegal border crossings seven straight months in a row and they are getting lower. And shockingly, as that wall gets longer, the crossings get less. Remover the democrats, you don't need a wall. You don't need it. Seven years ago they all wanted a wall, they just didn't have the ability to build it. They couldn't figure it out, but I can figure it out. The problem was we couldn't get the money, but we've got all the money we need now. And you know the last time they didn't really fight us on the wall. You know why? Because they learned it's a really bad issue for them. But I made one mistake with the wall. I should have said we will never, ever build a wall. They would have given me so much money to build the wall. Because I used to go, we will build the wall, and that was a mistake. Wished should have said we will never, ever build a wall and they would have forced us to build it and I would have said ok. And by the way, in all due respect, you know who is going to pay for the wall, right? Through remittance, illegal aliens from mexico are going to pay for the wall. 100%. Because when I say something, I mean it. I said I was going to build a wall. When you have a party that controls the house, you've got to end that. They said they picked up the house in 2018, but I didn't run in 2018. They picked up some seats. I didn't run, but i'm running this time, and we've got to take back the house. Kevin mccarthy will be a great speaker of the house. Watch. But getting something built when you have a party that controls one of the three, getting it built -- honestly, I don't want to brag. Nobody else could have done it. And it's the real deal, it's the wall that border security wanted. Remember I thought I could just be -- build concrete slabs but they didn't want it because you have to be able to see through it. This is the best version. It is really something. Did you other -- did you see the other day when drug dealers got caught and they couldn't get over it? We had to get the fire department because they couldn't get over it. It's very hot and very tough. It's a very hard panel to climb. They said it's anti-climb panel. Ok, let's put it up. The wall is the top of the line. That's what they wanted. It's maximum and it's really doing a big trick. It's incredible. 99. 9%, illegal crossings now are down 75% since last spring. And the powerful border wall, pretty soon we will be setting records and speed. It is going up very rapidly and you are seeing it all over and it's really going to be something. It would be nice if we didn't have to have it, but we have to have it. They said we could have drones. What are you going to do, drones flying around. And they know because they were all for it. Now all of a sudden they are all against it. The drones are policing the wall. In terms of human trafficking, people don't even talk about it. The worst in the history of the world, trafficking in women and children all over the world. The worst it has ever been. But when we have this border, it makes it very tough for them to come into the United States with women and with children stuffed in trunks in the back of a car. And the washington Democrats have never been more extreme. 132 congressional Democrats have signed up for bernie sanders government health care to take over health care that would strip all of those 180 million rate americans of your private coverage. You want that. You got great deals. You are able to negotiate, keep your doctor, keep everything you wanted. Now they want to take it away. Report to an operating room when you have a cold at your local hospital. I don't think so. I'm not going to knock it because I want bernie to bring it right up to the end and we will debate it the day before the election. We are saving your health care while socialist Democrats are trying to take away your health care. Sleepy joe doesn't even know what he is talking about. Honestly, that poor guy is so lost. It was over for him a long time ago. Now it's really over. We are making health care better and cheaper. We got rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular -- which essentially killed obamacare. And we are protecting people with pre-existing conditions, and we always will, the republican party. We are stopping surprise medical billing and making everything totally transparent, and I signed it already. Everything now is going to transparency for hospitals, doctors, everybody has to tell you how much things are costing. Watch those prices come down. I have an expert on health care. He said transparency because it is a big deal. Transparency is bigger than health care because you will see prices tumbling like you wouldn't believe. People go in for a blood test and get charged $2700. Down the road they get the same exact test for $57. It's crazy. You watch. A real expert said this is bigger than health care. Unfortunately, it won't release start kicking in until after -- you won't really start kicking in until after the election. You better let me win. Can you imagine? I did transparency, and then i'm going to watch somebody else says didn't he do a great job of transparency? I want the credit for that one. We are buying cheaper drugs from other countries. We are defending your right to keep the doctor, we are defending your right to keep your plan. Remember obama, 28 times, you can keep your doctor. You can also keep your plan. You can keep it, you can keep. 28 times he lied. We should impeach him. Essentially it is totally different because of individual mandate because that really took the guts out of it. Do we run it well or do we run it poorly? If we run it poorly, everybody's going to blame me. If free -- if we run it well, everyone will give me the credit. We will have the best health care of any country in the world. We are fighting the lobbyists and the special interests, in case you didn't notice. Thanks to our bold reforms we are now offering health plans that are 60% cheaper than obamacare. We are offering a lot of different things. And we have just passed recently, 10 months ago, right to trial. You know what that is. That is people who are terminally ill and they cannot use medicine. They been trying to pass this for almost 50 years. We have the greatest doctors, labs, hospitals in the world. They come up with the medicines but it has to go through the fda procedure. They won't let you use it. Now I have you sign an agreement you're not going to sue the united states, and they can use it. You have no idea the results that are taking place. You have no idea. You have no idea the results. For me, it was simple. I said wait a minute, you are worried about hurting somebody. These people are dying. They are terminally ill. They are admitting they are terminally ill, and you won't let them use a drug that may work. Let them use the drug, and we are letting them use the drug, and it's working in a lot of cases. We have transformed veterans health care, including be a choice, the best. I think I am a totally brilliant human being. So I came up with a plan. I came up with this idea because everybody kept coming up to me and saying it's really terrible what is happening with health care. We are waiting in line for two weeks, four weeks, seven weeks. They were terminally ill before they saw the doctor. So I came up with this incredible plan. Only I could think of this. Here's what you do. If you can't get to a doctor quickly, you go outside, go locally, you get yourself a doctor, we pay the bill. I went back and told my people, do you have any idea how smart I am? They said we have known about that plan for 52 years, we just couldn't get it approved. I said too bad, I thought it was brilliant. But I got it approved and people are using it. And I know the people of I would don't care about this but we are making substantial investments in rural health. We are combating the opioid epidemic, drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 31 years. That's a great thing. And our great first lady is helping us with that. That is such a big thing for malani a. She is really involved. And we will never let the Democrats give away your health care to illegal immigrants, especially when we say come in, come in, we will give you health care. Like in california, this wacky governor, he says come in, were going to give you health care, free education, we will give you a beautiful rolls-royce. One of the newscaster said Donald Trump said that the governor of California promised a rolls-royce to illegal immigrants. This was a lie and misrepresentation by President trump. They can't take a little humor. They can't take it. These people are sick. They are sick. They are sick people. And shifty schiff is a sick person. How my going to get him, he didn't do anything wrong? What is sick guy he is. Virtually every Democrat supports late term abortion, ripping a baby from its mother's womb right up until the moment of birth. Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late term abortion, socialism, and blatant corruption. The republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late, great, abraham lincoln. Remember I always said I can be more presidential than any other past president, other than perhaps abraham lincoln when he is wearing the hat. Because it's easy to be presidential but I only have about three people in front of me. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Is everything ok in iowa? The world is ripping you off? There's not a thing I can do about that. We have to do it the right way. Doing this takes far more talent than doing that. Doing that is very easy. This is not easy, especially when you just left michigan and you just left other places. And you have maniacs doing a number on you all the time. You've got the maniacs for three years. Before I came down the escalator with our future first lady, these people are maniacs. So you are fighting that and you are doing farm bills. We got your farm bill approved, by the way. I don't even mention that but it's peanuts compared to the China deal. Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background and every race, religion, color, and tree. -- and creed. It's true. Remember I used to say, what do you have to lose? The worst in crime, the worst in education. They got 10 different things, all horrible. One day i'm in front of this tremendous group of people and i'm reading this list. African-americans have the highest crime rate, the worst education, the worst schools. Stay with me because you were with the Democrats for 100 years or more. Stay with me. What the hell do you have to lose? And you know what? Remember that? And now they have the best employment and unemployment numbers. They have the best poverty numbers. They have numbers that nobody would believe. It is so great to see it. Youth unemployment, african-american. It's been great. We are asking all americans to join our incredible movement. We are a big tent and a big party with big, bold, beautiful ideas for the future. We are what the country was based on originally. It was called greatness. And during national school choice week, we continue our fight to rescue children trapped in failing government schools. Iowa became one of the first states to pass school choice. That was over 10 years ago. Governor reynolds, Senator ernst, Senator grassley and more than 100 senators are supporting our plan to give school choice to every child in America who needs it. It's a great thing. To give former prisoners second chance at life, we passed criminal justice reform. Think of that. Think of that. We had a lot of great conservatives who wanted it. Liberals wanted. They couldn't get it passed. President obama even come close. He didn't try very hard. We have confirmed 191 federal judges who will interpret the constitution. And to great supreme court justices, by the way. Two great ones. As part of my commitment to rebuild our luke perry we secured an $8. 5 million facility to support our iowa guardsmen at camp dodge, right here in des moines, iowa. Right here, camp dodge. I recognize israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. We recognized israeli sovereignty over the goal line heights. And yesterday we just released a historic new plan for peace and we will see if we can get that done. One of the toughest deals, but we have a shot at it. For years he watched as your politicians apologized for our country. They would say i'm sorry. Now you have a President who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of iowa. We are standing up for iowa. At stake in our present battle is the survival frankly of our nation. I could make this speech really short. All I have to do is say hello, I will. You have no choice, you have to vote for me. Otherwise everything you have built for your entire life will be gone. Goodbye, iowa. Instead, i'm working my ass off up here. You think this is easy? This room wasn't designed for this many people. If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of americans have fought and died for, then we must devote everything we have toward victory in november of 2020. We have to. And by the way, for those beautiful farmers that want to leave here, small forms or businesses to your children, because of our great tax bill, the biggest tax cut in the history of our country, the biggest, that you benefit by. Because of that, there is no death tax or inheritance tax anymore. I always say, if you love your children, that's a great thing. If you don't love your children, don't leave it to them. And that particular tax won't matter. Is there anybody here that does not love their children? Is there anybody here who loves their children? It is iowa, you love your children. In the old days, meaning before trump, what would happen, you would leave your farm, they would assess your farm for a tremendous amount, and they would end up losing the farm. And they did that to pay the tax. Now you can leave your farm and not pay inheritance tax in the state. So when you are looking down at your children, you say, did you get lucky. Look at them, they are enjoying life. But in only this way can we save the America we love and drain the washington swamp once and for all. I had no idea it would be this sick and degenerated. It is a degenerate swamp. I had no idea the swamp was that people, but we are winning. We are winning because we are in the white house. And with your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. That's what is happening all over our country. Together we will elect a republican Congress to create a fair, safe, and lawful system of immigration. We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products made, raised, farmed, and grown right here in the usa. We will each -- we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the aids epidemic in America in less than 10 years. We've already started. Should have been started in the last administration. Incredible. Should have been started earlier, but we started it. In less than 10 years, the aids epidemic will be eradicated, will be gone. Who would have thought that was possible? When they came in and tell me that a couple of years ago, I said really? We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. In the state of virginia, they want to take your guns away. They want to take your guns away, the Democrats. Not going to happen. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We are one great America. We support, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that families and faith, not government bureaucracy are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust. We live by those words. In God we trust. Good old cambridge. Who is from cambridge? Two people here. I will say it anyway. From cambridge to council bluffs, from cedar rapids, where I made my last speech prior to the election, what a place. 32,000 people. I said i'm going to win tomorrow. From melbourne to morehead, and from davenport to right here in des moines, iowa, we stand on the shoulders of true red-blooded American heroes. This great state was founded by tough frontier men. These are tough people. Anybody want to join Ice? He says no thank you. And strong pioneer women who defied the dangers to carve out a life and a beautiful home with great families and great neighbors. They tamed the wilderness, braved the elements, tilt the soil, planted the fields, and helped make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth, and we are making it greater and greater every single day. We are returning power to you, the American people, where it has always belonged. It's coming back to you. It is your -- with your help, your devotion, and your drive, or going to keep on working and fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen, and especially the great ladies and gentlemen of iowa, the best is yet to come. Because together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, iowa. Thank you.