ID: CSPANDT229202068
Title: President Trump Holds Rally in Pittsburgh
Date: 2020-09-22

Thank you very much, pittsburgh. You have always treated me well. Thank you pittsburgh. Thank you very much. I am thrilled to be back in a commonwealth of pennsylvania. Hardworking American patriots, and by the way, the home of the pittsburgh stealer's. Congratulations. Congratulations, good team. Great quarterback, don't you think? Big ben, right? Goodman. He is a good man. 42 days from now we are going to win pennsylvania. We are going to win four more years. And we are all entitled to it, I will tell you that. With your vote, we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights. We are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class and that is exactly what we have been doing. And we are going to defend our jobs, families, works and our treasured way of life. That remember, we now put America first, we do it. It has been a long time. It has been a long time. This is the most important election in the history of our country. I believe that. This election is a matter of economic survival for pennsylvania. You have the greatest year you've ever had last year and you are really on your way. We were very sadly disturbed by what happened with China. They let the played out, they should not have done it. But you are now on your way, we close it up and we saved millions of lives and that is the bottom line. We close it up and saved millions of lives. I will tell you, you see what is happening, you see the numbers as well as I do. You are on your way to maybe economically the best year, this next year will be the best year that we had. And the third quarter, wait till you see it, wait for the numbers, they will be out before the election. I predict they will be very good. If they are not, I deny I ever said it. I deny it. But I am pretty confident that they will be incredible, the best ever, under my administration we probably achieved energy independence. (applause) and don't forget, I am not the candidate, two candidates said we are not going to have fracking, and they said that for a year. Then all of a sudden they said, maybe will have some fracking and you know that won't last because the radical left won't let them get away with it. I am all for fracking. I was in texas, it is a big part of your economy, it is energy, it is a tremendous apart. I was in texas two weeks ago and my opponent is against oil, guns and God. (booing) and I just spoke to the governor of texas, great guy. He said I think you are up 15. And I said the fake news says I am up for, and he said, you are not up for. Remember last time with you, with texas? It is too close to call, and then boom, the polls close. They said, trump won, trump won, trump won. We won a lot. And I won pennsylvania because of you. And you had your best year, so that's the way it is supposed to work. I think we are going to win a lot -- last time I came in I said I was going to give you the tax cuts, regulation cuts, I said we are going to do big things with energy, big things with steel. You are steel mills would have been closed and gone had I not won. I said I was going to do all these things and now i've done everything i've said and more. I have done more. I've done so much more. So they should be easier, I heard we are doing really well, I know we are doing really well, we came in with a lot of these great Congressman and they said you are going to win it by a lot. We better win it. We gotta go out and vote. We are empowered by the incredible workers of the state, you are now really, if you look at it, the number one producer, think of it, as a nation and you are saying -- you have no idea how big you are in energy, people will think of pennsylvania that way. You have any idea? And as a nation, we are the biggest in the world by far, not even close. And we are energy independent. Think of that. But no longer is America at the mercy of these foreign suppliers, all the people that took advantage of us for so many years, now we don't have to be in other parts of the world where perhaps to help allies, we are there to help good people, but we are not there because we neither energy or oil. Instead we are the dominant energy producer, we are going to keep it that way, we will always have it that way. By the way, our opponents, they don't want petroleum products. They want wind. Let's open up wind. Let's have some winds and every once in a while the wind will blow and you can produce a couple of things and then you can closed down your plan for the rest of the season. You can watch those birds fly out of the sky. I always say it is a bird graveyard under the windmills. It doesn't have the power? Doesn't have the staying power? You see what is happening in california, rolling blackouts. How would you like that in pennsylvania? The commonwealth of pennsylvania? Darling, what is wrong I cannot watch trump on television. I can't watch our President. We have a rolling blackout, it will only be a few hours. I think we will be on by two clock in the morning and we can watch around. This is what is happening, we have rolling blackouts, some cases you just have blackouts. They remain called rolling. It is not gonna happen here state. Last year I visited the petrol chemical plant in beaver, pennsylvania, the largest investment in your state's history. And that was all made possible by or pro-energy policies. Had we done it a law in louisiana. We are building some of the largest plants you've ever seen, blur just in the world. It is incredible. All related to energy. Your security and your jobs are very grave peril because the radical left maniacs don't want anything to do with energy. They don't want anything to do with -- they have different concepts, right? They have the green new deal where there will be no energy of any kind. It is crazy. It is aoc plus three. Not a good student, not good at anything, but she has a good line of crap. I will tell you that. She has a hell of a line. But she is radical left, but she is not as bad as some of them. How about omar of minnesota? We are going to win the state of minnesota because of her, they say. They are telling us how to run our country. Do it how you came from. She's going to tell us, she is telling us how to run our country. And you know what? The Democrats in congress, you have to see what they are doing, their stance on israel's like a whole different world. It is like from ten years ago, it is a different world. And we want to keep our world the way it was and the way it was going to be. We have the greatest country in America. We are going to keep it that way. We don't need socialists, we don't need communist telling us how to run our country. No, they are all great women. Brilliant, great scholars. By the way, while I am here, would anyone prefer that they pick a man? Is there any man that has the courage to raise their hand. Yes, there is one right there. We are going to and a credible one, a woman. Watch the abuse that she will take, whoever, the decision will be announced on saturday, 5:00 on saturday at the white house. And you see that we have tremendous republican support. Two people, always have to be to. Always have to be those two. We have great support from the republican party, tremendous support, never been this unified before ever. Ever. And the fake impeachment we had 196 to nothing, we can probably support and we had 52 and a half to one half in the senate. Who was the half? I can't imagine. But he was very good for the half. Now I am happy. Thank you mitt. It was very good. Very positive. But days ago, biden reiterated his plans to acquire net zero carbon emissions. That is basically saying, there will be no more oil, no more gas, no more nothing, no more industry, no more country. That is what it is saying, really. And that would instantly shut down all fracking and mining immediately in pennsylvania, sending your jobs overseas, sending your money to someone else, not you. And I will keep your jobs in pennsylvania where they belong if they are going to be doing fracking for a long time. But I can say this, because you are begun energy. I can say the same thing to you as I say to texas. They don't want oil, they don't want fracking, they don't want the energy we know that powers these massive plants. Because the other stuff is wonderful, it's not gonna do it. So they don't like oil, they don't like the gas, they don't like god, religion, churches are closed. How about these states? They still have churches closed. And by the way, your governor has not been so great, you know that? Are your churches still closed? They are still closed. They are doing it for a reason. November 4th they will announce that we have decided to open up. They are trying to make our numbers as bad as possible so California is closed, pennsylvania, north carolina all closed, michigan is closed. That is another beauty right there. Michigan is closed. And then they have these fake ballots, billions of millions of ballots. When you see shenanigans, please report it here authorities. The real authorities. Those authorities are watching. But please report it. When you look at it, really, it is amazing. They are trying to make her numbers look bad but even with numerous closed states, and also law and order, the red states, the republican states, they are working greats. Record low crime. But Democrat run states, look at chicago, new york, new york has gone through -- we have to draft rudy giuliani. We want rudy. Rudy is amazing. He did a great job. New york was in big trouble and he came in and was tough and smarts and it became the safest big city. Now we have a man where some categories of crime were up 300%. He fired 1000 -- he fired a lot of police. A billion dollars a year of police, firemen and women. It is a terrible thing. I love that play so much and it is so sad to see what is happening to new york. We're gonna make a play for new york. In theory, they automatically -- the Democrats automatically that -- I do phenomenally in most parts but one part it is automatic. But I can't imagine that particular part is going to be happy. So we are trying to make a play for new york. With pennsylvania, I don't have to make a play. I've got pennsylvania. We don't have to, for years though, pennsylvania was the place that republicans didn't win. And for many years everybody thought they were going to win, every republican, they said we will win pennsylvania. And they didn't. And I came along and we won it and we won it quite easily. And I think we're going to do even better now because remember, number one, in the history of your state last year is because of what we did. We stop the dumping. We saved so many different things. Pennsylvania is the home of American energy, think of it that way, and this is taking place over short period of time. Also the birthplace of a thing called the American constitution, right? American constitution. And to uphold our constitution as written, as opposed to as conceived by some radical left, I will soon be announcing that nominee that you're going to love. You're going to be so happy. If you don't like it, my opponent refuses to release a list of justices. I was told, I was told a big thing when I was running last time. Nobody really knew me very well, we had great success on the apprentice and in business and it was great, but they never knew what kind of judge I would pick to be a justice. And I said, what am I going to do? How might going to solve that problem. I was in politics never. Don't forget, when I ran they said, he's inexperienced. And I eradicate some very talented people, some of whom are very good friends of mine, some of whom I don't like too much. You know, but I don't like someone it last for a long time. But I said, how do we solve that problem? I don't know. They just won't -- believe me, the appointment of a United States supreme court justice was much more important to the voters and I thought. And they are right because they will set policy for 50 years and policy whether it is life, second amendment, the second amendment -- if I weren't president, you know the pressure. Your second amendment would be obliterated. It would be gone but at a minimum obliterated. They haven't touched your second amendment. I am a blocking force. I am like a lineman for the pittsburgh's dealers. I am a blocking force. They haven't touched it. But your second amendment would be essential. I never knew that with the supreme court, you know about other judges -- by the way, at the end of the first term we will be close to 300 federal judges including -- which I think is a record, that is a lot. That is a lot, nobody is done that. And think of that, think of that 300. That is a big percentage of the entire judiciary. Think of that, 300. Many court of appeals judges. Two great supreme court justices and now we are going to get a third. Can you imagine? Can you imagine our enemies? Three-in-one term. So many presidents just don't have the chance and it is so important. I said to my people, if they don't believe me, what i'll do is make up a list of 25 judges. Or people. And we will tell them, I will only pick from that list, and they said that sounds like an interesting idea. This was my idea, when you've never run for office before you have to have a little bit of imagination. I got out my list and I named the people, the people that I said, and I promise that I will pick someone like the people in this list. And it didn't work. It went nowhere. Because they didn't trust it. They said, we want you to pick the people on the list, not somebody like the people on the list. I went back and said I will pick somebody that is on this list. And they were all great, great judges for the most part. Almost entirely. But judges, and really respected, conservative believers in our country. Solid, incredible people. And as soon as I did that, things went through the roof. It's amazing how important it was. By the way, would he stand up with that beautiful jacket, I love that jacket. How many times -- how many events. He's been to a couple. That's really great, thank you lcbo it's before, he's been here a couple of times. Thank you, man. That really nice. I'm going to get one of those jackets. By the way, and you know the wall, the wall, he has 330 miles. 330 miles. 330 miles. 330 miles. And, yes, we have a great relationship with mexico, and they keep saying, yes -- first, they said the never be able to build it because the Democrats were just brutal. I made a terrible mistake. I said it last night, I should have said we will not under any circumstances build -- they would not give me any money in the world, they said that and we won. We won court cases. We want the court case. In fact, I won so much money that we could build four walls if we wanted. Then they said, all right, all right. We are up to 330. The exact walls, I said to the border patrol that I love these people. What they do is incredible, they are incredible. I said give me or dream wall, as long as we are building that, we should build the wall that you want, let's build it right. So, we have that vision. We need steel and concrete, I said how about one of the other? They said no, we need steel and concrete. Steel and inside those polls, we have barr and concrete, and the 30 feet tall. We did all sorts of things. We need them to be wired. I won't tell you why they're wired, but they're wired for a reason. They're all wired up. And they're incredible. You know what? We got the wall, nobody else could've done it. So once we had the ball and it started going up and then we hit 100 miles, 200 miles, now we're at 330. We are building ten miles a week. And it will be finished very soon. And we have the most secure our border in terms of drug trafficking, trafficking coming along, and we have done phenomenally well. That's a lot of the territory that we need. We will go up to about a little bit over 500 miles. We're at 3:30. Once this saw that I had it they said, yes, but mexico is not paying for it. Okay. But they are paying for it. Mexico is paying for it, they're paying at the border. They're paying for the wall. You know all those trucks to go back and forth? They're paying for the wall. So the Democrats say, yeah -- they always have to find something, right? And you remember what I used to say? That if they fight us -- remember pete would say, what happened to defy you on the wall, what happens when they fight you on the wall? I said the bomb we get ten feet tall or, do you remember? Look a little hit on that, took a little bit of a hit, but that is okay. You don't want to get up to the top and look down, they say how do we get down? It's tall and it is strong and it is great. And we appreciate it. Mexico has been working with us very closely. They have right now 27,000 mexican soldiers on our southern border making sure that people do not come into our country. None thank the President of mexico. Very helpful. I made this list of potential justices and i'll tell you it all changed. Now i'm asking sleepy joe biden to give me a list, and he does not want to do it. You know why? Because you can only put super radical left judges on. People that would destroy your country. People that would destroy your country. And he knows that. He's not electable -- he shouldn't be electable anyway. He's the worst candidate. You know where he is today? There's a thing called the lid. Do you know what it stands for? We put out a lid today early in the morning, lip means he's not going to be anywhere today. I'm working off, i'm in ohio, i'm in texas, i'm in florida, i'm in michigan. I'm in wisconsin. That's a nice. Well, that is something that is one of the fake news report aspect day, they said they never heard of that. There's a chant that's going up, elastics or seven rallies saying we love you. That's never happened before a politician before. I don't want to be a politician. I don't think of myself as a politician, but it really is. I appreciate it. And i've never heard it, I like ronald reagan but they never said we love you. Maybe they did, will try to find out and then they will say, President trump lied last night because 40 years ago I remember, but nobody has ever heard that before. And I appreciate it. It is reciprocal, thank you very much. Reciprocal. Reciprocal love. I had such a nice life before and I have to witch hunt that goes on forever. And then we catch them spying on our campaign, how about that? Let's see what happens though. You know the whole pick deal? And then the guys that were doing the investigation, they have 31 different phones. They were accidentally wiped clean. 31 different phones, I think it was 19 different people? And they all did the same exact accident, which if you know anything about accidents, it's almost an impossibility to do it once, let alone 31 different times. So we caught them and that is called obstruction. We have to remember that called obstruction. That was the mueller group. That was the mueller group. All those phones, they were wiped suddenly clean. And hillary got a subpoena on the -- I said forget about these things. You'll find them, they're in the state department. I have no doubt about it, they're in the state department. But they will get them. But you know what? 33,000. They have a request from the u. s. Congress, that's not bad. The u. s. Congress, they want to send a subpoena. Very important. After getting the subpoena, she deleted all of her emails and acid washed, and then she took telephones. I've got rid of phones to, I threw them away, right? She took cameras and she beat them with a hammer. And then threw them away. And they found a couple of them. She was very angry, obviously. If she did the hammer work. But if anyone else did this there's a protection. There is a dual level of justice, and we are getting down to the bottom of it. It's not fair to us, not fair to us. She delighted them on the basis -- 33,000 emails. She deleted him on the basis that it was all about her daughter's wedding, chelsea. And also yoga classes. 33,000 emails on yoga and a wedding? I don't think so. And comey said, oh, that's okay. That sounds like a good reason. That's comey, that's another beauty, that comey. But we caught him. We caught him. Very smart move, getting rid of that guy was a smart move. But we caught him. Listen, we caught him. They were spying on the campaign, they were doing actually worse than that, but nobody has ever done anything like this. So let's see what happens. So we caught him cold, we got so much. Remember the insurance policy, right? From shrunken page, two lovers. Remember, they were very smart. They would use the public service and send it over the public wires because they did not want to be caught having an affair, so they went over the public. That was a very good thing for us, wasn't it? Darling, darling, darling. Please. She's going to win. She's going to win. Peter, only you can save us. Peter, she's going to win. I know 100,000 to nothing. Remember that? Actually, it was 100 million to one. This was 100 million to one. So listen, darling, please. Tell me again? 100 million to one. She is going to win. But just in case she does not, we have an insurance policy. That only means one thing, and we went through the insurance policy, and we caught them. So let's see what happens to these treasonous crooks, these terrible people and they put our nation through turmoil. I just want to thank -- a lot of people were very unfairly treated. Look at General flynn. He's still gone. But a lot of people were unfairly treated by a bunch of treasonous, horrible people. And they used the intelligence agency of our country to try to steal an election, and to try to do a coup, when you think. Who would ever think this country, that's all you can say? Some people would say that is a conspiracy theory. No, take a look at the records. So for me it's a very exciting thing, because we found something that nobody would've thought possible. None let's see what happens. But we have been cold. A spy on our campaign. It is our campaign. And if you want to save america, you have to go out, get out and vote. This is the most important election, and in just three and a half years, we've secured america's borders, which makes them very unhappy. We built the awesome power of the u. s. Military. We built the military. It was totally depleted when I took over. We built a military, two and a half trillion dollars that we spent. All made in the usa, the greatest equipment, the greatest planes and rockets and I hate to even mention the word but I hope to God that we never have to use it, but we have the most powerful weapons in the history of the world, and we did that over a very short period of time. Weapons that were so powerful, that were the envy of the world. I never want to use those weapons, and the way you don't have the use them is when you have them, but no one has ever built a force like we have. And the press and the fake news that he gave way classified information. No, a lucky right in the -- first of all, i'm allowed to do it. I'm the President. I'm the only one that is allowed, but I did not give a way, most powerful weapons ever produced we have, and other countries know that, and it's a good thing that they know it, and I don't think that we will ever be using them, and I hope that we don't. Help to God. I used the word got because they refused to use the word God in their pledge of allegiance, right? I hope to God we never have to use that. But I obliterated the Isis caliphate, which was all over the place. We got down to 99%. Everyone is coming back home, long, long wars. Never ending wars. In less wars. We fixed our disastrous trade deals, they were a disaster, brought jobs and factories back to pennsylvania, under 16 years and think of this. Think of this. For 16 years President obama, President bush, household income rose. 295,000 dollars. That's over a 16-year period. In three years, your household income rose almost 10,000 dollars when you include energy. You have to include energy. Almost 7000 dollars. How much you pay for your gasoline? They go up, it is less. None it is a big difference. What is it nowadays? Tell me. I don't have a gas. I haven't stopped recently at a gas station. 15? For a while it was way under two, and we are going to keep it there. We have so much. We have so much. In my first three years, we lifted 3. 6 million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction in the history of our country by far. We built the latest economy in the history of the world and right now we are doing it again. I see all these hats, make America great again. And now I will say this. Make America great again. Make America great again. We saved 1. 4 million jobs in pennsylvania alone. And to fight the China virus -- it's the China virus. It's not the coronavirus. Corona sounds like a place in italy, a beautiful place in italy. It's corona. No, it's the China virus. They don't want to say that. You always notice that they're going after Russia. Look, no one has been tougher on Russia than me. Russia, russia, Russia! I say, what about China? They never want to mention that. Little deals going on, I think. But coronavirus does not sound like italy, a beautiful villa. A corona? No, it's the China virus. They should've stopped it. To fight the China virus we launched the largest national mobilization since world war ii. We did an a+ job, except we did a d job in terms of public relations and explaining it. We were too busy doing it, but the fact is that they wouldn't have written it anyway. Didn't matter to them. That's a little thing. We have to watch biden? You can't talk about anything so he gets up, the coronavirus, they say we want to talk about supreme court justices today. Well, I don't know about that. But the coronavirus, and he doesn't know we did a great job. I should have opened -- he said I should've shut down one week earlier. But he doesn't say that he did the worst job in the history of an epidemic or a pandemic with the swine flu. It was a joke. And what he did, what he did, his own man that was in charge said recently, we had no idea what we were dealing with. It was a total disaster. There were amateurs and now he tells us how to do something that is far more lethal. But he said they should have closed one week earlier, except when it came to closing the border, which I did, which turned out to save tens of thousands of lives, biden criticized me until two months later when he says I was right. But we should've closed a week earlier. Think of that. We pioneered lifesaving therapies, reducing the fatality rate 85% since april. Think of that. Remdesivir, the plasma. We have among the lowest case fatality rate of any major country, nobody knows that. And i'm devastated to see it happening, but you see what's going on in Europe again. They always said, okay, Europe is doing better. Actually, we did better. But now Europe has a big spike, a big spike. So they are not talking about that. The number of hospitalized virus patients is down by 47%. And a virus patients coming to the emergency room is down, and visits our way. Down visits to hospital. Europe is almost a 50% greater access mortality rate than the United States. You know, the elect to compared to europe, 50% greater access mortality rate. Our early and aggressive acts and save millions of lives through operation warp speed, you heard about it? They don't talk about. It what we've done a record period of time with the ventilators and now we are building ventilators in the world, they will distribute a vaccine in record time and it will be three or four years if biden had done it, but we've done a great job with the fda and clearing a path. You will be seeing it very shortly. These are great companies that are doing it. We will crush the virus and our opponents will, with him, they will crush America. We can't let that happen. This country is too great. Our love each other is too great. This guy doesn't know he is alive, I mean, he really doesn't. He doesn't know he is alive. He did an ad on an anonymous source that said me making a statement about military soldiers that died, and it was tough disgusting thing. I said, the only good thing about it is now I can take the gloves off. This guy does not have a clue. He doesn't know where he is. And they will give him a shot of something, I don't know, I just want to think this group of people. You know, a man that helped -- we just negotiated a major peace deal in the Middle East. Everyone said it was impossible. You know that? They said it was impossible. They've been killing everybody for years and years. They had this guy, John kerry, who was grossly incompetent. They paid 150 billion dollars to Iran. They paid 1. 8 billion in cash, that's even more impressive. In cash. And that's John kerry. And we just made a deal with bahrain and uae, united arab emirates, and israel. It's a great thing. The man right there, jared? The abuse he takes, when he did something that nobody has been able to do. And he wants none of the glory. He'd rather not come up here. These guys will come up 100%, but, jared, great deal. Great job, incredible. Everyone is talking about it. We have plenty of other countries. And there is no blood in the sand. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Great people. Thank you, sean. Thank you, sean. We have spent the last four years reversing the damage that joe biden inflicted over the last 40. So they like shawn. Sean, will you please win? Sean par now. I'll tell you, he is popular. That's great, shawn. We love sean. But biden championed every globalist trail of pennsylvania for half a century, he was a cheerleader for the worst trade deal ever made by any country, nafta. And china's entry into the world trade organization, which built China like a rocket ship. They were flatline for many decades, and then right through the roof. That was a biden approval to. These disasters ripped out one third of your states manufacturing jobs. You know what happened? Biden, you should not be asking for your vote, you should be begging for forgiveness. He did a terrible job. Now the democratic party is pledging to rejoin the disastrous paris climate accords. You want to spend a lot of money for nothing? If this reading your state's economy. You will spend a trillion dollars and what it is, it really takes away your power. It takes away your energy. You will be closing your plants and factories all over the place. I withdrew from it -- you know what? The people that understand, the smart people, they said I can't believe you have the guts to do it. I think what I was going to be absolutely killed on this one, and i'm so proud I did it. And people get it. It was a rip off of the United States. I withdrew from the catastrophe because I was elected to fight for pittsburgh, not for paris. This election is a choice between pennsylvania and China. If biden wins, China wins. None win, pennsylvania wins and America wins. For decades, our politicians spend trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars that never ended and defending foreign borders. None we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities. And we are bringing our jobs, our factories and our troops back home in the usa where they belong. They are all coming home. During the pandemic, I have suspended the entry of foreign workers who threaten American jobs as our economy reopens, I want to ensure that americans are first in line to get to high jobs and high wages. America first. Biden wants to flood the economy with cheap labor to replace u. s. Workers. You know that. And that is why never, never -- he says higher American. All the words he got, they are my words. Did you ever see that? They say, he copied my campaign. I keep saying what happened for 47 years, and now he's copying my campaign? As President and you know it's not going to happen with him -- as president, my first duty is always to take care of you, the American worker. That's what we're taking care of. Under my administration, we have achieved the most secure border in u. s. History and we are finishing that wall. It's going to be done so fast. It's going to be done so fast. Since 2017, Isis successfully arrested a legal aliens with criminal records, including over 145,000 assaults. 40,000 sex offenders and 5000 murders. If you don't mind democrats, will bring them out of our country. We'll get them out. Some of them are so violent we, don't want to have them for 2 million years, but they come back in as much as we watch. They come back, and you don't want it. They keep them there. The left gains power, they will abolish -- they can abolish. The republicans will stand with these incredible heroes of Ice and border patrol. We have to see these Isis people. They go into a din of ms 13, they go into a den where you have these guys that are vicious gang members. And they go in there and start swinging, they love it. Who wants that job? Do you want that job? He's a tough guy sitting here. You too. You tough guys, you don't part of it. They're incredible, and they love our country. Some people say they are too rough, well you have no idea how bad some of these gangs are. What they do. The euthanized because it's more painful. They cut people up, they cut two young beautiful girls. 16 years old, going home from school. They cut them to pieces. Killed them. They are animals. We invested 2. 5 trillion dollars in the u. s. Military and launched the first new brand to the u. s. Armed forces in 75 years, space force. Not since the air force. Think of it, the air force was last. If I did just that, the space force, big deal. It could end up being one of the most important things you've never imagined, but if I just did that, the sixth branch of the u. s. Military, that's a big deal. That's one of many things. We passed the a choice and va accountability. We killed the founder and leader of isis, al-baghdadi. They were after him for years. We took out the world number one terrorist and the mass murder of American troops and many others, qassem soleimani. He's gone. I withdrew from the last administration to disasters, Iran nuclear deal. One of the great disasters. It practically expired. And his chief negotiator, he never left. I want this, no, we're not giving it. Okay, let's go to the next thing. Give me the, snow. Give me the, snow. Give me this, no. He never won a point and the only time he left the table was to go on a bicycle ride, and he crashed and broke his leg and arm. I promised everyone I would never go riding on a bicycle. I swear to you. I kept my promise, I recognized the true capital of israel and open to the American is embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights. That was a 52 year development that I got down and about one day. They've been negotiating that sovereignty over the golan heights, I got it done immediately. 52 years they worked on that. Instead of endless war, we are forging peace in the Middle East. It's so great. Peace in the Middle East. Biden has put forward a platform that would end America as we know it. And this is true. I don't think of him as a radical lefty, but he is controlled by them. And what about this kamala? How about that? She's a 15%, no 13%. No, she's at 12. No, she's at ten. No, she's at nine. No, she's at seven. These are her poll numbers. She got worse and worse. She quit before she ever got to iowa. Plus, nobody, including pocahontas treated biden so badly. Called him a racist, right? Brought him into the me too movement, right? Made him a member of the me too movement. The things she said -- and I brilliantly said, well, the one person he can't choose is kamala. None, i'd like to pick kamala. And she has raided more liberal than bernie. You know what, he's number two. Believe it or not. It's a true story. She is rated the most liberal person in congress, and I think she is grossly incompetent, i'll be honest with you. I don't think she knows. And we have a grace vice president, mike Pence. He's great. If elected, biden would destroy social security and destroy protections for pre-existing conditions. People with pre-existing conditions. Drain your medicare by giving away your health care to illegal immigrants, there are going to come in. If you have that, the problem is we're going to give your health care -- there are going to pour into the united states, and our country cannot afford it. We want to be nice. We all have hearts. The country cannot afford it. They could get people that never even thought of coming, if they saw that. They would end our travel bans on jihadist a regions. Remember, I had travel bans. Everyone thought it was a terrible thing. He's a terrible person. He's such a terrible person. I'm such a bad guy. I increased refugee admissions by more than 700%, opening the floodgates to radical islamic terrorism. Banned a school choice and all charter schools, they are very important. And a second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for republicans as a vote for safe communities, great jobs and a limitless future for all americans. All americans. Race, color, creed. All americans. So, in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America and do the manufacturing superpower of the world and will end our reliance on China once and for all. We will make our medical supplies right here in the united states, right here in pennsylvania. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assault on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. Will ban them. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. Thank you. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless, ridiculous, stupid foreign wars. We lose our youth to countries you've never even heard of. Never even heard of them. We will maintain americas on arrival military might and ensure peace through strength. We will surprise, and think of this, surprise medical billing? Will ended. You ever walked into a hospital, you could fix up so great and then you get a bill for 2000 dollars for a band-aid. We will end surprise medical billing, require price transparency, which i've always signed and brilliantly starts on january 1st. Hey, you better vote for me. You know, that is one of -- in a way, that's bigger than health care. Can you imagine biden, if he won? The price transparency, it's all done. It starts on january 1st. How smart is that. How smart? You will see numbers and reductions like you've never seen. Can you imagine if you are President. Sir, our medical costs have dropped in half. Price transparency has been unbelievable. What is that? What is price transparency, and they explained he still a mueller nab a clue. Won't have a clue. But can you imagine giving him credit? I signed it and it is all done. I say, why can't you start it now? Just in case. They said statutory lee it has to start then. I said all right, let's go. But I know we are going to win, so it is not going to matter. And we are going to further reduce health insurance and the cost of prescription drugs. We have a favorite nations laws where we get the same price as all these nations that are paying a fraction, which should have been instituted a long time ago. The drug companies are going after me with those ads. You know why? Every time you see an ad from the drug company, plenty of money. That's why nobody fights them. Anytime you see an ad from a drug company, remember one thing, you're drug prices are coming down. We will strongly protect medicare and social security and we will protect nations. We will protect every single patient America will have, the first woman on the moon will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars. You know, nasa was an absolute disaster. Grass was growing. They had fairways, that's all they used for the fairways. And now we have something for the runways, the landing strips, it was all grass infested, weed infested. And now it is the number one space center in the world, by far. It was a closed up mess. And we have rich guys setting up rockets, elon and others, set up rockets and we say let them keep going. Let them send their money. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. We will live by the timeless words of our national model, in God we trust. For years you had a President who apologized for america, now you have a President who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of pennsylvania, like nobody has ever stood up before. So get your friends, your family, get your neighbors and your coworkers and get out and vote. And early voting if you didn't know it has already begun. Watch those fake ballots. We have to go out and turn the man, if you see somebody cheating you have to turn them in. You probably will. It is going to be a mess, watch this. But get out and vote, early voting. From scranton, from harrisburg to right here in pittsburgh -- say hello to big ben. We stand on the shoulders of pennsylvania patriots who gave her blood, sweat and tears for their beloved country. This is the state where our founding fathers declared America independence. This is the state. Such history, such history. It is where the army weathered it's brutal winter. We're george washington led his men on a daring mission across the delaware and where our union was saved by the heroes of gettysburg. Gettysburg, what a great, great incredible sight of history. Gettysburg. So vicious, so horrible, and yet so beautiful and historical. Gettysburg, pennsylvania. This is the place where generations of tough, strong pennsylvania workers mind the gold, worked the railroads, forge the steel that made America into one of the greatest and most powerful nations in the history of the world. And we are making it greater, greater, greater than ever before. Not even close. Not even close. We are doing it together. Proud citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and when glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of pennsylvania, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. D we will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, pennsylvania. Thank you.