ID: CSPANDT31202028
Title: President Trump Remarks at Evangelical Rally
Date: 2020-01-03

Thank you, very much. That was beautiful. That was beautiful. Most powerful people in the world. [applause] in my book. But thank you for the beautiful prayer. Thank you, everyone. Thank you for this incredible crowd. There are thousands of people outside, trying to get in. If you are truly religious, you should give up your seat area i'm thrilled to be in miami to launch one of the most important grassroots movements in American history. It is a first. Evangelicals for trump. [crowd cheering] and you know how we did a few years ago. Hard to believe, we are talking about almost three years ago, but the numbers were phenomenal and the love today is greater than it has ever been. I would like to begin my remarks today by extending profound thanks and gratitude to the extraordinary men and women of the United States military. [applause] they are by far the best and greatest anywhere in the world. There is nobody close. In recent weeks, American warriors executed a daring raid that killed the savage leader of isis, al baghdadi. He was a depraved butcher who will never again hurt another innocent person. Last night at my direction, the United States military executed a flawless strike that terminated the terrorist ringleader for responsible -- ringleader responsible for gravely wounding and murdering thousands and thousands of people and hundreds and hundreds, at least, of americans, qassem soleimani has been killed and his bloody rampage is now forever gone. [applause] he was plotting attacks against americans, but now we have ensured that his atrocities have been stopped for good. They are stopped for good. I don't know if you know what was happening, but he was planning a very major attack, and we got him. [applause] we are a peaceloving nation, and my administration remains firmly committed to establishing peace and harmony among the nations in the world. We do not seek war. We do not seek nation building. We do not seek regime change. But as president, I will never hesitate to defend the safety of the American people, you. [applause] so let this be a warning to terrorists. If you value your own life, you will not threaten the lives of our citizens. [applause] americans have many blessings, but perhaps the greatest among them is the blessing of being protected by the most exceptional and virtuous military on the face of god's earth. This evening we are delighted to be joined by many incredible faith leaders, including just a terrific man I have gotten to know, and his wife. I don't know, I think she might even be better than him. James and shirley, where are you James? Thank you, James. Got to know each other well. A friend of mine who was on television before I knew him, and he kept saying, he might not know the bible as well as I do are frankly, as well as a lot of people, but he is a leader and he loves god, and he is a great christian, and he said, I will love him and want to him to do a terrific job and frankly, I think I have exceeded expectations. Robert jeffress, thank you, robert. I think I have. Sissy lynch. When you talk about a great family, that is the granddaughter of billy graham and the daughter of franklyn and I appreciate everything franklin has done of the last two weeks. A special woman and a special family. Thank you very much. Michael tate. Everybody knows Michael tate. Thank you, Michael. Great job. Jensen franklin. Thank you, jensen. Great. Alvie a king. Jack graham, thank you. Thank you, jack. And miami's own, a man everybody knows. I think they might know him better than they know me, is that possible? Yes, alberto delgado. Alberto. I would like to think apostle maldonado. What a great guy. What a great guy. What a crowd. I think i'm going to come to us sunday service one of these days. We will have a lot of fun. None thank you very much for welcoming us here to l ray jesus church, the largest hispanic congregation in the United States of America. The best in our country. Glad to be here with so many external hispanic and african-american faith leaders lifting our nation to credit a heights. Things are happening like to have never happened before. There's no better place to begin the new year than here with many friends and families, pastors and patriots who believe in the magistrate of creation and the love and grace of jesus christ. Thank you. [applause] in 2016, evangelicals of a christians helped us, and they went out. Evangelical christians went out and they worked hard and produce numbers like never before and based on what Paul a told me and sissy told me we are going to blow those numbers in 2020. Hi, charlie. Hi, charlie. He could be a pastor, he would be a very good pastor. Every day since, I have been fighting. We really have achieved results nobody thought was possible because things were looking bleak for a long. Of time, things were looking very bleak. Even a thing like miracles where Ice to go and run into summer and I would say we are going to say christmas again. We are going to say christmas again. And now they are all staying merry christmas again, right? [applause] you go to these big department stores three years ago, four years ago and they would have the snow and the red and the white and they would have everything. But they would not take christmas. I would say where is merry christmas? And they would say we cannot say it. They are all saying it again. They are saying it proudly. [applause] evangelicals, christians of every denomination and believers of every faith, have never had a greater champion, not even close, in the white house than right now and i'm not saying that in any other way other than just look at the record because we have done things that nobody thought was possible. Together we are naughtily defending our rights but we are defending religion -- which is under siege. Winning. But we cannot let one of our radical friends come in here because everything we have done will be gone in short order, they can take it away quickly, it is a powerful position. A society without religion cannot prosper, a nation without faith cannot endure, because justice, goodness and peace cannot prevail without the glory of almighty God. You know that very well. [applause] for America to thrive in the 21st century, we must renew faith and family as the center of American life. There are those who say these blips are outdated but we know they are the opposite. Our traditions and our values are timeless. They do not know what they are missing. Right? They do not know what they're missing. Our faith is needed now more than ever. While certain fads come and go, it is an eternal truth that faith and family lead to the stability happiness and prosperity of nations. Yet as we speak, every candidate running for President is try to punish religious believers and silence our churches and our pastors. Well, we can smile because we are winning. We can smile. I will let you know if there's a problem, I will let you know, I may come back and say get out. Vote everything a one of you, but I will say that anyway. Our opponents want to shut out God from the public square to impose an extreme antireligious socialist agenda. I've been watching. I have watching. I feel it is my obligation, my job. I gotta watch p I cannot do it. I cannot get through. I did once. The first one. I said I cannot believe this is happening to our country. I mean, beto, remember beta? He comes from texas and he was supposed be a good. Remember he said I was put on earth to do this. To do what, to run for President? He got out at zero. To your when beto, and I am attacking him only because he is gonzo, do you ever when beto essentially said he is against religion? Against guns? And against oil? And he comes from texas. Abraham leaking cannot win in texas with those three things. No bible, no guns, no oil. I come from the state of texas, I don't think so. But he is gone. Can I tell you. But you have worse. You have some of these people for religion. Look at all this people with the red hats on. You are right. This election is about -- to mobilize christian communities across our land, on november 3, 2020, we are going to win another monumental tree for faith and family, God and country, flag and freedom. [applause] we are going to defeat the radical and take back the house. And hold the senate and of course keep the white house. And if we take back the house and you see how crazy this is, these people are crazy, there's no crime, no nothing. I said read the transcripts, they do not want to read them. Never happened. Anything like this, they couldn't be to. Think of how bad it is. It was not supposed to be that way. And we do not lose one republican vote. We gained three Democrats. And one of them left the party and became a republican. Never happened before. [applause] 196 to nothing. Have you ever heard of that? The republicans are fighting tough, it is good and the senate, the same thing is going to happen, I hope. This going to happen in the senate, we have great, great support. But we have support because we are on the side of a terrible hoax perpetrated on our country like no hoax ever. From the day I came down the escalator. From that day. And those that saving before that day, I happened to be one of them. Before election, religious believers were under assault, so many leaders here. Faith-based schools, charities, hospitals, dopson agencies, business owners, pastors, or systematically targeted. In order to abandon religious beliefs. You know all about that. Dad took office got sworn in the federal government's war on relation came to an abrupt end -- sore on religion came to an abrupt end. My administration has take decisive action to protect religious liberty. As I promised in the camp, with stops the johnson amendment, to take away tax-exempt status and liberate our partners by getting rid of this johnson amendment. I could tell you brief story, should I? I am in trouble tower, running -- in trouble tower -- trump tower, running. He said i've been in nine races and 17 of them -- and one seven of them. I'm in the office with 50 faith leaders, paulo is there, some of the folks here were there, that's right. I knew they liked me. We were an hour and a half on the 60th floor looking down. I said, ok, let's talk turkey. I would like your endorsement. They looked around and there is great love but a look round and said we cannot do that. I was shocked. You know in 70 likes you, right? And you know when 70 doesn't like you, I know about that too. We had a great feeling. In their I said what is the problem? They said we cannot do that because we have the johnson amendment and if we go political, if we endorse somebody or if we even speak strongly, and you are the people I want to hear from, they're not many, but you're the people I and all of these folks want to hear from you, if we go and start telling people what we would recommend them to do, they would take away our tax-exempt status and our churches in many case goods go out of business. It is so harsh. I said you have to be kidding. I never heard of that. But I thought about it. And actually looked out the window and saw many people down on fifth avenue. They look like ants. So many of them. But they are so small when your high. -- when you are high. That means any person down there has more power and more to say even to the public then you do. And they are not necessarily the people I want to hear from. I have to think about this. We had a second meeting two months later in the same place, the same people, even more. I said, you know, I understand the problem. You cannot speak up but we are going to get rid of the johnson amendment and we did. Is no longer effective and we're going to put it through and make it permanent. [applause] after a certain. Of time, whether 16 years or 20 years or 24, boy that is a lot of press back there, like academy awards. Before they started speaking badly of us. I do that only because they have you've heard this before, this wacky guy on television. He is doing an interview, big show. He looked to the person he was interviewing and said you know he's going to a, don't you? It was horrifying. No sanctuary cities, great education, I do not know what they like, I know what they like, open borders, crime. He said, you know he's going to win? No, we're going to fight him hard, this is the other side, no know he is going to wait, there's nothing you can do, and after four years he's not leaving, you know that, right, he is staying in anything longer. I thought he was joking but he was serious. I'd like to say that i'm only kidding back there. I said 12 years, 16 years, 20 years, it cries them crazy. But they drive us crazy. Dishonest people. May be more honest in this great church do think so, pastor? Maybe will get a good shake. But I doubt it. Think of it, we have done this without media so we have one party against us. And may one. But we have great people. Rush. Just signed another contract. Sean hannity. Laura. Tucker. Fox. Steve. Brian has come a long way. I told him the other day, you have gotten very, very, you are right up there. We have great support. Rt much of it is dishonest on the other side but we are plowing through it. And God. We are protecting but there would've been no way we could have one. People said how do you win? If somebody things against you, and we win? So there has to be something. There has to be something. And 2016. They don't question me if you are little tiny bit off. They have headlines, trump lied. I don't think I lied. Most of this I could argue with them. But they never argue with me. This was one of the truly great election not of our times but of all times. Now does like a tree you plant that tree and it needs time. Some of the things we have done, whether it is economic or religious. So many elements. And just, boom. I don't know, I cannot compare anything 2016. But 20/20 may be just as important, you gotta get out. Vote. Thank you, now we are doing good, we are protecting the conscience and the rights of doctors and nurses, teachers and groups like little sisters of the poor who have been so badly treated, we are on their side. We are preserving faith-based adoption. [applause] that they want to end, it is not going to happen. We have confirmed 187 unbelievably talented, brilliant young judges. [applause] they will be there for 40 years some of them, more. Ages big thing. -- age is a big thing. I have a friend who is a big law lawyer in new york. I lost all my friends. I have number friends. They stood,, hey you want to go out? I lost all my friends. Now they call a, hello mr. President, how are you? People i've known for 25 years, I never say 40 or 50 but I don't like saying that, it is too long. But i've known for many years and they were oh so great it is like fun, haydon, let's go out let's do something. -- hey, don, let's go out, let's do something. Now they say, mr. President. And I say, call me donald. And they say, I can't. It's nice thing it's respecter the office. -- it is respect for the office. But it is much more boring. Judges who will uphold the constitution. So one of these friends came to me and he said, it is the first person, he said I would like to be a judge. And I said good, I love the idea. You are a great lawyer, what a great idea, I will make him a judge. I got all of these, because of President obama, at we have a hundred 42 slots, it never happened before. The most anybody is ever had was like one, maybe none. It is like gold. It is never happened before. I sent how may slots try have? They said -- how many -- I said, how many slots do I have? It is because of President obama. I don't know what happened. But I had a hundred 42. I asked a bmi first day, there was say the most important thing you have to do is judges and speaker justices. So my first question, have any slots we have? I thought they would say one or none. I heard we have one in alabama. How many slots do we have? 142. So this guy comes up to me and says I would like to be a judge. I said great idea. I went to my people, i've a friend in yorkie is a fantastic lawyer who would make a great judge. They said how old is he sir? I said he is 69. They said he wants to be a judge for two years and then some else gets it? It took me to eat seconds to realize that doesn't work very well. We have judges who will be there for 40 years, think of it. [applause] a judge in texas, I do not know what we do. But we have a judge in texas who is 38 years old and went to harvard and was the top student. I believe u. s. Oxford, something like that. He is 38 years old. Is going to be there for 50 years. That is what we want, right? That is what we want. And that is what we are doing. Young, brilliant, and these are tremendously talented people. We also put to supreme court justices. On the supreme court. Some presidents have never had the opportunity to have a supreme court pick and I have already had to. It is driving them crazy. [applause] may everybody lead a long and happy life. [laughter] I will not get caught in a situation. This guy's a fan but he's going to get me big trouble. Nope. I want everybody to be healthy. Washington Democrats tried to destroy brett kavanaugh with a vicious campaign of smears. But we refused to cave in. An america, trying to replace religion with government and replace God with socialism that is what is happening. [boos] and I see alfred e newman comes out try to pretend he is very religious. You know who alfred newman is, right? You say boot and then he goat edge. Nobody can pronounce his name so they call him mayor pete. I like him to win because I don't want to knock him. I don't want to knock these people. Mayor pete, I hope he does great. Boot edge. And all of a sudden he is become extremely religious. That happened about two weeks ago. These extreme radicals want to impose absolute conformity by censuring speech and terry down crosses and symbols of faith and banning religious believers from public life. That is what they want to do, they have gone crazy. But we will not back down, we are standing tall for the values that we hold dear and everybody in this room feels the same way. [applause] we believe every citizen has the right to live by the dictator of their conscience and the teaching of their fae. We believe that's the dictates of their conscience and the teaching of their faith. We believe and the freedom of worship and the right to life. [applause] thank you. You remembered during their debates when we have a question and we talked about abortion. We were talking about abortion. And I made the statement, I said, ripped from the womb in the final month. And the whole place got it. Even people that did not agree with us. They all got it. It turned out to be a very important moment. That was just something that happened, that came out. That was not something I thought about before. It just came out. It was an important moment. We know the families and churches not washington bureaucrats know best how to create strong and loving communities. Above all else we know this, in america, we do not worship government, we worship God. [applause] sadly, since 2016, and you see this, is the craziest thing i've ever seen. If you remembered during those debates, he say he will not adhere to the results of the election, lecturing me. I sort of set I would, maybe I could been stronger on. I would not have been happy. That's the game. And she turned out to be the one that us and accepted. But it was sort of incredible. Since 2016, a relentless crusade against christians and americans of all faith at every level of government, the intolerant campaign against religion, look at the rules and regulations we have taken off, look at mexico city, mexico city. Did you ever think you would see that, mexico city? I don't think you ever thought you would see that. Democrats in the house of is that if have worked to remove the words, so help me god, from the oath. Right? How about that? So help me God. Is not going to happen. [applause] not happening. Not as long as i'm here. Now somebody else, I cannot speak for them. They don't even try, they hardly try. Because they know it is a waste of time. New york state passed a law that requires faith organizations to hire people that wrote oppose the religious values. Weeks ago the aclu, that is a group of beauties, filed a lawsuit against that tennessee county area, this beautiful area in tennessee, I love tennessee. For allowing prayer in schools. And at football games. But we will not allow faithful americans to be bullied, we will not allow it. And we get involved with many of these cases and nobody sees this coming but we get involved. Pretty soon I will be taking action to safeguard students and teachers, first amendment rights to pray in our schools. Where doing a big action. Attorney General bill barr. [applause] no, they want to take that away, can you believe it? They want to take that right along with many other. Unknow issues have Democrats become more extreme than the issue of life. Everything on top democratic candidate supports taxpayer-funded abortion. But come you go to virginia, you know what I am talking about? You have a governor in virginia. He pretended he was Michael jackson but nobody can moonwalk like Michael jackson. [laughter] and he wanted to try. To show that he was really telling the truth. And his life saved him. Not by much. But she said do not do it. Do not do it because nobody but Michael can do it. Your member what he said, right? He said you have the baby and you talk to the mother and then you make a determination. On whether not to execute. This is after the baby is born. Speaking for myself, I had never heard of that. Some of you probably had but I had never known that existed. But it actually exists. And he said it strongly. By the way, if he were a republican, he would've been out of office. What he said. What he did. Today's democratic party has spent pro-life voters. And we in their public party proudly welcome these voters with wide open arms and we have many of them coming. Stand up, that is my friend. Stand up. [applause] heh, thank you, great. That's great. So many people joining the republican party. And it is a different party. It is becoming a party of the workers, african-american, hispanic, asian. Very different party. Every child is made in the holy image of God. That is why I asked Congress to prohibit late-term abortions [applause] as I said during my first week in office I reinstated the mexico city policy. The people sitting in these rows here at know what that is and cannot believe it happened others do not do that. Ronald reagan did to a lesser extent. We are honored to have done it. We are vicious final rule to prohibit title x funding. [applause] we stopped federal funding. Fetal tissue research -- we stopped federal funding of fetal tissue research which ever but he felt was so important, they? Years -- was so important, a big question Mark for years. We will never shy away from the battle to protect innocent life. We are also protecting the free speech rights of christians on college campuses. [applause] herewith with that's today is bernadette cassie and jeff get riojas from California state university. They have a very interesting story to tell. Please, young ladies, please come up. Hello there. Thank you very much. That was great, thank you very much. Thank you very much. I like this. This is pretty nice, I have to tell you. Never give up. I bet it remember that. Never give up. I never give up, we will never give up. We have a lot of work to do. My administration will never stop fighting for americans of faith. Nearly 2. 5 -- thank you very much, and I love you. Who said that? Stand up, please. [applause] thank you. For nearly 2. 5 centuries ago, the movement for independence began in the pulpits of American churches. People don't know that, they don't want to know that in many cases but that is the way it , was. The movements to abolish slavery and secure civil rights started in the churches. Today in churches all across our land, believers are defending our god-given freedoms. We need every single person here today to talk to your families, talk to your neighbors and share our message of national renewal. We need each and every one of you to help encourage every single church member to go out right now and register to vote. That is a big, big deal. Today I ask to help us achieve an all-time record for registering church members in 2020. We have the record, now we are going to break it again. We have a tremendous vote, the biggest ever. We also had the biggest percentage ever, 84%. 84%. We got to do better than that. None know, who are the 16%? What are they about? Who are the 16%? Together we are more powerful than the opponents of faith and freedom could ever imagine. Every single day for the next 10 months, we will keep on working. We will keep on praying, and we will keep on driving to victory, victory, victory. [applause] on november 3, 2020, we will get out and vote to protect our rights and to protect our beliefs, and to protect our children, and we will vote to make America great again. [applause and cheers] thank you very much. With millions upon millions of evangelical voters, christian voters and voters of every faith, we will preserve our heritage we will defend our , liberty, we will reclaim our destiny, we will strengthen our families, we will build up our communities. We will restore the faith and true foundation of American life, and we will ensure that our country forever and always remains one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. Thank you, God bless you and God bless America. Thank you, this was a great honor. Thank you very much.