ID: CSPANDT30102020101
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Rochester, Minnesota
Date: 2020-10-30

President trump was in rochester, minnesota, one of his many stops during this last weekend of campaigning before tuesday's election. The campaign had to limit the attendance at 200 50 people because of covid-19 restrictions. President trump talked about that and the handling of protests in minneapolis. Due to technical difficulties, a small portion of his remarks could not be shown. , I am proud to be an american, where at least I know I am free, and I won't forget the men who died to give that right to me. And I will proudly stand up next to you and defend her still today because there ain't no doubt that I love this land, God bless the usa. From the lakes of minnesota, to the hills of tennessee. Across the plains of texas, from sea to shining sea. From detroit, down to houston. And new york to l. a. . There is pride in every American heart, and it is time we stand and say, that I am proud to be an american, and at , where at least I know I am free, and I will not forget the man who died who gave that right to me. And I will gladly stand up, next to you and defend her still today. Because there ain't no doubt that I love this land. (music) (music) thank you very much, I appreciate it. And, hello rochester, thank you for being here, four days from now we are going to win the state of minnesota. And, I did not forget you, because we were given a hard time by your so-called leaders, but they are not very good leaders as you found out. During the riots, and we are going to win four more years in our great, white house. Thank you. As you know, there are at least 25,000 people who wanted to be here tonight. We just saw a lot of them. We wanted to pay our respects. They were here for a long time, they waited, and in the governor did bad things. Your far-left Democrat attorney general, keith ellison, and your Democrat dove , governor tried to shut down our rally, silence the people of minnesota, and take away your freedom, and your rights. [doing] , [booing] they thought they would cancel, a word they are very familiar with, cancel culture. I said no, I would never abandon the people of minnesota. I will not. Thousands of people over there with cars, we flew over cars, they go miles long. What a shame. They waited here for a long time. I wanted to thank the thousands of people outside that were barred from entry by radical democrats, you are American patriots, thank you very much. [applause] when large numbers of rioters and vandals sacked the city of minneapolis earlier this year, keith ellison did not ask them to submit a permit, he told the throngs of violence demonstrators, by all means, exercise your first amendment rights. He said that. Prior to them ripping down your city. Keith ellison sided with flagburning extremists over law-abiding americans. He treats you like second-class citizens. He believes that the pro-american voters have fewer rights than anti-american demonstrators. Keith ellison and joe biden wants to imprison you in your homes while letting anarchists, agitators, and vandals roam free as they destroy your cities and states. The Democrat party once you to be banned from peaceful assembly while they allow their supporters to burn down a police right here. By then and the far-left incite violence with they are anti-police rhetoric , they are vile anti-police rhetoric. They allow rioters to lay waste to the public streets that they were financed , and they were financed by you with your hard-earned taxpayer dollars. The radical left is determined to obliterate the middle-class. They think they can indoctrinate your children and silence your voices. But on november 3, I hope you are listening minnesota, because this is what you have had to put up with for a long time. The people of our nation are going to be heard like never before. It has already begun. People are already starting to find out what is happening. Because they are going to show up and vote in record numbers. You have already started to see what is going on. And they are getting very concerned. They ban you from going to church while they let left-wing extremists burned down the church , burned down the church. While their own jobs remain totally exempt. They keep your kids out of school while their families hire private tutors. They flood your streets with illegal drugs and gangs while they live in walled off compounds. They want to destroy and work hard to destroy the suburbs, which i'm protecting. And terminating horrible rules and regulations that only pertain to the suburbs, while they move into gated communities with armed guards. These wealthy liberal hypocrites want to defund the police and take your guns. While they are protected by armed guards. There is only one way to defend your dignity. There is only one way to defend your family and country. There is only one way to preserve, protect, and defend the American way of life. You must show up and vote on november 3. [applause] in a second term we will increase funding for law for spent, we will hire more , for law enforcement,. We will finish and win the war against ms 13 killers. We have taken thousands out of our country. We will put them all out of business. We will completely dismantle antifa. And we will reclaim our streets for law-abiding americans of every race, color, religion, and creed. These are streets that have been run by democrats, not republicans. It has taken too long or them to gain control of those streets. We will do all of this and so much more. Only with your vote. You have a very important vote. This state in particular. 1972. This is a state, you have been poorly run for too long. You want law and order also. [applause] on november 3, joe , vote to defeat joe biden and save your great American dream and save your wonderful American freedom. Biden is a grimy, sleazy, and corrupt career politician. We found that out. A lot of people have known it for a long time. Who has done nothing but betray you. All he has done is sell out to lobbyists, sell out to lobbyists, sellout to China , China owns him. Sell out to big pharma, and sellout to foreign companies. He will lick you in the eye and turn right around , look you in the eye and turn around and stab you. The only thing he cares about is political power and he will use that power to hurt you and enrich his cronies and friends. And most of all to enrich his family. It vote for joe biden is about to put far left radicals like keith ellison and e line omar , ilhan omar and aoc plus three. Beto o'rourke wants to take your guns array , guns away. Then they want to pack the courts. Want to pack those courts. The supreme court. None put radical justices who will confiscate your guns, terminate your religious liberty , erase all of your borders, and stifle life. If you want strong borders, strong families, safe communities, and a thriving economy, then I am asking you to go out on november 3 and vote for your all-time favorite President. [applause] one of , [applause] thank you. One of the most crucial issues for minnesota and the selection is the subject of refugees. This is a vital matter of national security to protect our country I issued a directive suspending the entry of refugees from four nations compromised by terrorism. Terrorism like you have never seen before, including from syria, somalia, and yemen. We are keeping radical islamic terrorists out of our country. I spoke to President , I spoke to President macron of france yesterday and put out my warmest sympathy for what they have been through over the last four days with terrorist attacks, the likes of which few have seen. Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hotspots anywhere in the world. He is also about to terminate our national security travel bans, check font very hard to get, which I one , won in the supreme court. He said bring them in. Biden's deadly migration policies will overwhelm in soda and overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists. Under my administration the safety of our families will always come first. America first. Our families first. [applause] with your support we will continue to bring back your jobs, your taxes, regulations, support our great police, support our military, defend our borders, protect our second amendment , which is totally under siege, but don't worry, as long as i'm here nothing is happening with it. [applause] protect religious liberty and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the very wonderful and beautiful phrase "made in the usa. " yesterday it was announced that last quarter our economy grew at the fastest rate ever recorded in the history of our country. 33. 1%. People were shocked. I wasn't. The biggest increase in the history of our country, by far. 1952, but it was a rate less than half. We are creating an economic powerhouse the likes of which the world has never seen before. We are building the biggest, strongest, and most prosperous middle class human history. I am fighting for higher wages, more jobs, more opportunity, and we will keep it right there and we will bring it right here to the usa, where it longs. , belongs. Joe biden has never succeeded before. Barack obama said, if you want to see things screwed up, just ask joe biden to do it. Joe biden will ship your factories to china, impose a $4 trillion tax hike, eliminate private health care, abolish the entire oil industry and fracking, and send your state into a crippling depression. Biden's anti-energy anti-worker policies would be a nightmare for latino and african-american workers all across our land. Biden will also continue his 47 years of cruelly betraying african-americans. He called them superpredators in 1994, ripped apart their communities, and did everything in his power to wipe out the black middle class. And they understand it better than anybody. I think you will probably see that at the photo booth they understand what he has done better than anybody. Superpredators, he said now biden wants to wipe out the entire ins, hispanic americans, and all-americans. He has no idea what he is doing. He wants to give you the largest tax increase in the history of our country, by far. Biden's plan to delay the vaccine, postpone therapies, crash the economy, and shut down our entire company. Hunter biden's lockdown, countless americans will die from suicide, drug overdoses, and deferred medical care at a level like you have never seen before. There will be no school, no graduations, weddings, no thanksgivings, no christmas, no fourth of july, easter, no nothing. There will be no future for america's youth. We will deliver a safe vaccine to the American people and just a matter of weeks. It will be something that will be very, very special. We are rounding the turn on the pandemic, with a will , with or without vaccine. We have the vaccine, even without it, we are rounding the turn. Seniors will be first to get it and what , and it will be available free. It was the fault of china, who should have kept it then their limits. Our vaccine will eradicate the virus and the pandemic. It will and. , it will end. Normal life, record-setting everything and a normal life. Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. He will wipe out the China plague once and for all. We are joined today by Congressman jim hagedorn and Congressman tom amber. Thank you, fillers , fellows. And congressional candidate , somebody that is really outstanding, I think you two agree? Michelle fischbach. Great job. I saw you in the debate, he did a fantastic job , you did a fantastic job. Thank you, Paul. State representative kurt doubt, thank you. I like your hat. And gop chair jennifer carnahan. Doing well? I think we are going to win. 1972. And you have been treated very, very badly. In addition, mike lindell. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Right job, great job. Performance , this is a big 1 , matt purk, minnesota vikings superstar, really? Look at him. You look like you could play tomorrow. Thank you very much, matt. Another vital issue is the minnesota iron range. I brought it back to life. It was dead, it was closed, and you are not going to use it. As vice president, joe biden tried to obliterate the irony range. , iron range. There was barely a whimper. I brought the iron range going back to life. I have friends who live in minnesota. They said it was so unfair. When it was closed, and may come up to me , I don't know who he was , he was a strong, powerful man and he was crying and he said, they have taken my life away from me. That was the most convincing of all. When I saw him I said, there is no doubt about it. It is fully opened and doing phenomenally. It has the best iron, they say, anywhere in the world. Congratulations. Congratulations. [applause] it was my honor. That area is now thriving. It was desolate. Nine Democrat mayors have endorsed me, because they know biden will shut down the iron range forever. By the way, they will shut it down as fast as I opened it up and they will shut down permanently next time. He said we made a mistake, we didn't do it through the legislature. They will shut it down permanently. I hope you remember that. Especially on november 3. Under my leadership we achieve the most secure border in American history. Biden's plan to admit foreign workers will/incomes, surge unemployment, and devastate you middle-class. All to enrich his globalist donors. He raises money like crazy because he is making deals. I could raise much more than him, that I will not be compromised. And we don't need the money. That's how they raised all of that money, because they are making deals with wall street. As President I will only advance immigration policies that put American workers and families first. You, the American people, are my only special interest. That is why I did this. And I had a very nice life before doing this, I have to tell you. I will continue fighting for you harder than anyone has ever done before. The forgotten men and women of our country will never, ever be forgotten again. You know that and you saw that. Four years ago we had a very, very exciting time. This is even more exciting, and frankly this is a more important election. I never thought I would be saying that. A vote for me and the republican party is about for the American dream , is a vote for the American dream. That important time has finally arrived. This is it. This is the history of our nation. This is a very big moment for our country. This tuesday or sooner, get out and vote. Everyone of you. Remember what your governor did this evening. And it is a small thing, but a horrible thing, to thousands of people that are outside that could be here. We could all be together. A horrible thing they did. Your state and country depend on you. We depend on your boat. We depend on your loyalty, and you have my loyalty , that you know and that you found out. [applause] together we are going to make history. On november 3 we are going to make history and this will be very special for minnesota. People have been talking about it for years. Even with me we lost by half a point. One more stop. I should have come one more time, just one more time. You know what? It's not going to matter because we are going to have an even bigger victory on november 3. God bless you, God bless minnesota, and God bless America. Thank you for being here. We appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. [applause] thank you, everybody. Nice seeing you, matt. Thank you, everybody. (music) [ymca, the village people] (music) with three days left until election day, on november 3, when voters decide who will control Congress and occupy the white house next year. Stay with c-span. Watch campaign 2020 coverage every day on c-span. Stream or on-demand at c-span. org. Or listen on the c-span radio app. Your place for an unfiltered view for politics.