ID: CSPANDT5122020113
Title: President Trump Campaigns for U.S. Senate Runoffs in Georgia
Date: 2020-12-05

Thank you. A very popular first lady, I have to say. Thank you very much and thank you, melania. None say, hello, georgia. We did a great job. We won georgia, just so you understand. And we won florida. And we won -- a lot of places. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. We won a lot of places, we won florida, we won ohio, big. We were down in florida, we won by a lot. We were way down in ohio and we won by a lot. I think they can say if you win florida and if you win ohio, then history -- in history you have never lost an election. But the truth is they were right. We've never lost an election. We are winning this election. [cheering] and I will say, we are fighting very hard for the state. When you look at all of the corruption all the problems i'm to do with this election, all I can do is campaign and then I wait for the numbers but when the numbers come out of leather bags, you try to say, what is going on? I wnt toant to tell you I love the people in the state and i'm thrilled to be back in magnificent georgia where thousands of proud hard-working americans -- remember? We started five years ago and I said you are going to be saying christmas again and we say it probably again. They will trying to be taking that word again out of the vocabulary. We are not going to let them do that. I also want to express our profound condolences to the family of harrison deal, a young and brilliant campaign staffer for Senator leffler who tragically died in a car accident yesterday. He was an incredible, magnificent young man. And I just want to say, our prayers are with his friends and loved ones and we will keep his memory in our hearts. He is looking down andnow, very proud of all of us. None express my best wishes, ok, to the family and everybody. Thank you. Thank you, kelly. None express my warmest best wishes to those peoples in family suffering from the covid pandemic. Vaccines are on their way at a level that nobody ever thought possible. It would've taken another administration five years. It took us seven months. And they are starting next week, and we are going to start vaccinating. And a lot of people already are vaccinated. It is -- you caught it and you're immune. I hope it is true. You know, they say that before I had it, they said if you catch it you are immune for life. Once I got it, they safe you catch it you are immune for four months. But they are on their way, the vaccines, and they are great vaccines and safe and brilliant, actually. To think of what we have done in such a short period of time. Even some of the enemies call it a medical miracle what we have done. We also have great therapeutics, and they already here and I can testify to that fact. I will tell you what. Some incredibly work has been done over the last seven months. And we should always get credit for that. Don't let anyone ever take that away from us. We're gathered here tonight to ensure a very important word, en sure, because these are two great people that I know so well and respected by everybody in washington and beyond, that David perdue and kelly loeffler win the most important congressional runoff probably in American history. I really believe that. There has never been a time like this where you have two at one time, at least you have two beatuties. You have two beauties running against them in a different way. There has never been a case where state is that this prominence on senate races. They were never together. And this is something that is very important have to get out and have to vote come you have to make sure you have every vote counted, every votr has to count. You got to make sure they do not throw away any ballots. You have to make sure when they collect the ballots and they start bragging about already ballots -- how many ballots they already have you have to make sure the secretary of state knows what the hell he's doing. And you got to make sure your governor gets a lot tougher than he's been. Got a get a lot tougher. Because at stake in this election is control of the u. s. Senate, and that really means control of this country. The voters of georgia will determine which party runs every committee, writes every piece of legislation, controls every single taxpayer dollars. Very simply, you will decide whether you children will grow been a socialist country or whether they will grow up in a free country, and wii will tell you this, socialist is just the beginning for these people. These people want to go further than socialism. They want to go into a communistic form of government, I have no doubt about that. Somehow that does not suit georgia too well. That does not work too well in georgia. David and kelly are running against radical jon ossoff. And raphael warnock. Jon ossoff and raphael warnock are the two most extreme far left liberal senate candidates in the history of our country. You got them both at one time for it how did that happen? I think you both got lucky but we will sleep you must go vote and vote early starting december 14. You have to do it. They cheated and they rigged our presidential election, but we will still win it. We will still win it. We'll still win it. And they are going to try to rig this election, too. None we continue to fight. We have had some great moments. We just need somebody with courage to do what they have to do, because anybody knows it is wrong. We need somebody with courage, somebody that makes decisions. I will be going up to the supreme court very shortly and we really, if we have -- if we have courage and wisdom, I think you know what the answer is going to be because you cannot let people get away with what they got away with. With over, think of it, with over 74 million votes, over, think of that, more than, I got more votes than any city President in history. 11 million more votes -- than any sitting President in history. 11 million more votes than 2016. If we could get 67 million, that would be the end. All of our great, brilliant geniuses said, you can win if you get 67 or 68. It's over. We got 74 million plus. They're trying to convince us that we lost. We did not lose. They found a lot of ballots, to be nice about it and they got rid of some, too. The 74 could have been even higher. As the great pollster John maclachlan who's a really a great pollster, one of the most try to respected, he says there is no way this could have happened other than the obvious chearingting or a rigged election. I wrote this. Because I had a few of the facts -- because I wanted to get onto the presidential paradigm want to stay on presidential but I got to get to these two. But, listen to this. These are the facts. And each fact is like irrefutable. It means win. President trump received on like one of the most brilliant political people, President trump received more votes than any previous incumbent President in history. And we lost. But we received more votes than anti-incumbent and present and we lost the presidency. We did not lose. You are going to see that. No incumbent who received 75% of the total primary votes lost reelection in history of our country. President trump received 94%. Not 75%. Which is one of the highest in history. In fact President trump is the only one of five incumbents since 1912 to receive more than 90% of the primary vote. And, again, anybody received only 75% they won. We got 94% print President trump set a record for the most primary votes ever received binding comment, -- by an incumbent ever. Nobody has received at a much lesser level than, they have always won. We didn't according to what they say. It is rigged. It is a fixed deal. Nationally, numbers show that 26% of President trump's voting tier came from nine white voters, the highest percentage for a gop presidential candidate since 1960. That is a long time ago. President trump, think of this one, President trump won 18 of 19 bellwether counties. You know the bellwether counties, the big deals. Won 18 of 19, a record, never happened that between 1980 and 2016 voted for the eventual President in every single election and before that it was almost every election. We won a record, 18 of 19. Never lost. Nobody has ever lost with anything like that. Biden did not demonstrate coattails to the down ballot races. I'm shocked to hear that. He got 80 million votes but when he made a thanksgiving day speech on the internet he say he had less than 1000 people. How do you have 80 million votes and have a thousand people? How do you have 80 million votes and you have less than a thousand hits? With the republicans maintaining control -- here is what happens good biden didn't demonstrate coattails down ballot races but with republicans maintaining control, first time this is ever happen, control of the senate, winning all 27 tossup races in the house. Kevin mccarthy, great job, winning all 27 tossup races. Think of it, we did not lose a seat. Think of this. First time that anybody I think in history, we did not lose one seat. Normally you lose 2, 3, 5. We lost nobody sitting in Congress. I worked hard. With kevin mccarthy. Not losing a single legislative chamber, and making big gains at the state level and holding onto the sonny perdue look at happened. You two. And there has never been numbers like that where President even came close to losing but they say we lost. The only way is they stuff the ballot boxes. President trump won -- President trump won both in florida and in ohio and by the w ay won by a lot. Remember, you know? Remember the fake polls where they said he is down by four in florida. Down by two in ohio. I think we got eight or nine or something. Those two very powerful, big important states. In the beauty as we also won georgia and that was good. We won south carolina and we want iowa. Remember, we are not going to win iowa, they said. The farmers like trump a lot. We won in iowa by close record number spared I think I have the record and we won all over the place. Many of these swing states, very interesting statistics. Prisons obama President obama -- all of the country, except in some of the swing states where biden beat h im badly. How did that work? He beat crooked hillary in the swing states but he beat him everywhere else. None tell you, this election was rigged, and we cannot let it happen -- to the greatest most respected people in washington. We cannot let it happen again. Can't let it happen. Can't let it happen. Your governor could stop it very easily. If he knew what the hell he was doing. He could stop it. Hundreds of thousands of illegal votes were cast in each state. I mean, you look at this, hundreds of thousands more than we needed were cast in every state we are talking about, noting we but michigan, pennsylvania. How about pennsylvania where they throw the poll watchers out? They literally threw them out. They did it here, too, by the way. But we caught them cold and have numerous cases pending, and so far we have been not been able to find the right thing. And that is true in georgia certainly but we are going to those people and they are going to go down in history as great people. Because everybody knows what took place. But we're going to talk about the presidential election a little bit later because we have a big senatorial race going on in georgia. And we are watching Democrats very closely. And remember this -- we have this massive race all over the country. So, they could cheat in georgia and people are not watching it like they should. Again, all I can do is say, i'm running, win and do a good job as President I do not run the elections. I do not wait to see if people are walking with suitcases and putting them under the table. That is up to your government here. And, for whatever reason, your secretary state, and your governor are afraid of stacey abrams. They are afraid of her. So, we know the Democrats are planning to cheat. We can't let them do it again. One way or the other. But we have to be vigilant, because I do not want these two to work -- I thought we could easily win. Then maybe for the first time in a long time, i'll take a nice little vacation for about two days, and then we go back. I will probably work harder in the last three weeks than i've ever worked in my life. I've become friendly with legislators that I did not know four weeks ago when actually they are great people. In fact, in my pocket right here we have a couple of them right here. Where is burt jones? Burt, boy, you are young guy. Thank you for being here. You are friendly to the man next to you. Appreciate everything you're doing and so does this big crowd. This is a lot of people. Also brandon -- Senator brandon beach. Thank you for everything. We appreciate it. William legates. William, where is william? Why are you so far away you, william, from them? I like that group better. And where's greg? Thank you very much. We appreciate it. Really do. We appreciated. Great people. Have this brought back into your legislature, governor. Let's eat, keep it open and transparent. Let us have a signature verification. What's wrong witht that? Theyh keep counting the same votes. Don't count votes. Look at the signatures are the signatures are not what they were two years ago, four years ago in six years ago. These are the two people that fight and they are going to fight like -- I do not know if you know this but one of the people that you are fighting, I went against him, ossoff, four years ago. He was against a very fine woman, karen, a great woman he was leading by quite a bit. We ended up beating him. He did not even live in the district or he was 20 for Congress. So, we're going to have the same think abg. But jon ossoff and raphael warnock will be pawns of chuck schumer. Crying chuck. I have only seen him crying when the cameras are on. He did say this. If we get in, we will make donald's life miserable. Can you believe it? He made the statement. Can we investigate him? Those investigations will go on and on. They have been investigating me since the day we came down on the escalator, which, what turned out to be are great first lady. We came down the escalator, right? And theyh spied on our campaign. Nancy pelosi, aoc, bernie sanders, and the lunatic radical left. That is what you happy or chuck schumer said infamously, first we take georgia, then we take amira. They do not mean take America in good signs. They mean bring it over to people that people of georgia do not wants. You're not going to like it when they take over your farms. We own this farm. We were here, also. Here is exactly how they will change America forever. The radical democrats, if they get power, they will immediately abolish the senate filibuster, allowing them to pass any bill they want and giving them free rein to ram through the most extreme left-wing agenda ever conceived while at the same time destroying our military through a lack of funding. By the way, tell our senators end section 230. End section 230. I wanted in the defense bill. Because it is a national security problem. It is a big national security -- so hopefully mentioned the senators will put it in. But it is the one chance we have to bring big tech, who are vicious and violent and -- to bring big tech, it is the only thing they fear is that we will end section 230. So, hopefully we will do it. It happens to be political a very popular thing to do, by the way. If these people get control, their true coney and military cuts will devastate for bending, and the military families all across georgia. We would like to say the name of the forts. They have the right. They put in the elizabeth pocahontas warren clause, whwere ere they have the right to take the names of all of our past warriors and heroes and in many cases sometimes have to be heroes in disguise perhaps. But they want to take the names off and have the right to desecrate and take down and destroy and demolish places international parks we don't want demolish. We have to be careful we cannot let that happen. They want to put it in our military bill of all people. Elizabeth warren puts that clause in the military don't. They will impose open borders so people can pour into our country and they will give them free health care, free welfare and the right to vote in your elections. You won't ever win another election as a republican. They even want to take them wall. The wall. We wanted the wall. Take down the wall. I heard them say it again. We will take down the wall. We have the strongest border we have ever had. We're almost finished with wall. The longest border. And we built it despite incredible -- we bu ililt it despite radical -- everybody said no chance. We had a whole, very powerful democratic party opposing me. And yesterday, I do not know if you saw it, the court just ruled with the money I took was taking illelegally, so at least we have a legal wall. The appeals court -- we built the wall. We'll be finished with a very soon and has a tremendous impact on illegal immigrants coming to the country. We want people to come in legally and through merit. The radical Democrats will implement nationwide catch and release. You catch a killer, you catch a rapist. Please give us your name. Come back in three years. We will give you a trial. You never see them, by the way. I had that debate with joe baden. He said, they come back. They do not come back. Like never. Maybe 1%, but I doubt it. You let them loose in our country. I got rid of it. Do you think that was easy? Install sanctuary cities all across the country. This is what they want. Criminal aliens and ms-13 gang members, the most vicious people. They do not like ones because it is not painful enough. They like using knives. It's true. They do not like guns. To werreak havoc and terror upon innocent families. We with thousands and thousands of ms-13 the hell out of our country. We moved them -- and some we put in prison because they are too dangerous to move back because they will try to figure way. They are not stupid. They are vicious but they are not stupid, like the Democrats. They will confiscate privately owned firearms -- they will share everything with themselves. Only dangerous equipment and they will totally cut up a thinigg called your second amendment rights. We will make washington dc estate and many other places guaranteeing 2, 4, or 6 additional left-wing senators. They want to make numerous places -- this way you will have a lot more company in Congress. Another 30, 40 congressional people from places you have never even heard of. You have never even heard of. The great louie gohmert. They will voting against georgia. Every time completely canceling how your voice in washington forever. Like David perdue, I will never forget it, he got hit by a piece of a hurricane. The farmers got hit so hard. And I went with sonny and with David and other great people from georgia and I said is there way we can pay these people? Their orchards were wiped out. One of the men said this was going to be the best crop I ever had. I was a week away from after 10, 12 years making some money. And a week at half early he gets hit by the remnants of that big hurricane from florida. Great state, great place but he got hit and David we took 100% care of those people, right? We took 1% care. We're going to help with sonny perdue, secretary of agriculture. What I meant them. There were 33 of them standing and they were all in line. What do you do? It was a tragic -- and nobody wanted anything. They did not even want it. They said if we could borrow it. They did not want to. These are incredible people. They just won a level playing field, but we took care of them. They never forgot it, either. Very interesting. I still hear from some of those people. The extreme left will pack the supreme court with 24 radical justices. That is the last number I heard. I used to hear was 16 now it is up to 24. Pretty soon you will have another Congress. 24 radical justices instead of nine justices that we have right now. They want them to revolve up and down the court system so supreme court justices can spend time in other locations, down the totem pole, they want to hurt this up in court and they want to hurt very badly. If these two don't get in, or if I don't get in, we got to get, the best would be all 3 -- nothing will happen. But they want to destroy the sanctity of this frame court, the importance of the spring court. The majesty of the supreme court. They'll terminate religious liberty, cancel free speech and force you to find extreme late-term abortions. And there will be nothing to stop them. If they do not get in, there is going to be nothing to stop them. You have no idea how bad it will be. I used to argue with certain people about the filibuster. I said, look, I do not like it, either but I feel like -- everybody said, they will never do it. They are doing it. They have announced they are going to do it. That means they can do anything they want. And you know the republicans, they play a different game. Maybe they love the country more. But they said, no, they will never do it. And I said with chuck schumer, he will do it the first day he gets in, he will do it and that is exactly what is happening. And he will do that to the supreme court. There is no question they look forward to it. Because you know why? We put on three, think of this, three great justices. And -- and we'll be over 300 federal judges in the united states, which would be a record. 300. 300. And they do not want to wait. They want to do it very quickly let's just vote and we take -- this will take years and years and years to slowly change the court. And perhaps I got a little bit lucky to get three. A lot of presidents had none. They stay on for a long time. They are young when they go on and they are old when they come off. But the fact is, a lot of presidents, great presidents, they say you cannot be a great President lets you put in supreme court justices. They say it is the single most important thing a President can do. And i'm not sure that's right. I think military, defense, military offense frankly is the most important thing. But it's certainly one of the most important things you can do. And the fact that I have more than, I will have by the end, more than 300, first term, think of it, and if we do a second term which I hope we do we could have close to 540. But the fact that I have three supreme court justices in the first term is not making them feel too good. They will unilaterally surrender to China. They are already doing it. Hunter made a lot of money in China. Sending our jobs overseas. They will raise your taxes. We lowered your taxes. We gave you the greatest tax cut in the history of our country. And they want to get rid of that and raise your taxes and raise your regulations. We cut more regulations than any President in the history of our country. That is one of the reason our business came back. You know with the pandemic, as bad as it is, it is horrible, should have never happened. China allowed this to happen to it should have never happened. But you know we went down less, a lot of people do not like to talk, our economy. We went down less and we went out more than any other country in the world. Because we had a good foundation. And yesterday again, so now I thought it was 48, it is actually 128 times, can you believe it, we set a new stockmarket record. This one was great because the dow jones industrial average, over, think of this, over 30,000 for the first time ever over the last couple of weeks. And yesterday, with 30,200, and this is during hopefully what will be, we are rounding the corner of the pandemic but this is during a pandemic, we broke 30,000, a number that was unthinkable when I first came. When I first came in at around 16,000, the concept of hitting a 30,000 dow was not even possible and we not only hid it -- can you imagine if we did not get hit by this freak, this total freak that came into our country, can you imagine if we did not get hit? In a way, I thought of this before, david, in a way we did this sort of twice. We took it from the time I came into the time I got hit and nobody is going us, every country, 188 got hit. Some are totally devastated. I do not know if they ever recover. If you think about it, we had two. We did the first time. Up from the way it took over. We really had two. And now we are going to get money because we want the money part first of all, the states and cities should open up. They should open up. And we are working hard against the democrats, but we're working hard to get the money out to the people because they needed. It is not their fault they got hit with something from China. You notice the way the Democrats like to say, he came from italy. No. It came from China. That's ok to say it. They like to say it came from Europe. No, actually specifically came from italy. Italy said, what did we do? Theyh'll wage war on American energy, decimating george's middle class. Your bills will go up. Not a huge energy producer but texas, remember they said, trump will lose texas by a lot. I said, wait a minute. I am in favor of energy. We have the greatest energy we have ever had and it all happened -- but you're telling me, you are telling me that we will lose texas a guy against fracking, against energy, against religion and against guns. I end up winning texas by so much. Somebody said we do not even know how much and we knew that before. It is fake new speed they said wisconsin. A poll came out, washington post/abc, i'm going to lose wisconsin by 17 points. Actually I won wisconsin. They are trying to say it is a little down but I actually won. But that is also prescient. That is called the suppression vote. A poll that is so devastating when I asked one of the pollsters I said, why did they go so far? Because in four years, they will lose all respect. They will do anything to win. They don't care. These people are sick. Remember? So many of the states, I won every one of them. Everyone of these states. By the way, the swing states we are fighting over now -- I won them all by a lot. And I have to say if I lost, I would be a very gracious loser. If I lost, I would say I lost. I'd go to florida and I would take it easy and I would go around and i'd say I did a good job but you cannot ever accept when they steal and rig and -- can't accept it. The Democrats did try to steal the presidency. They tried like hell. Today he's appointing his this, thhis that. Sonny. His secretary of agriculture. I love sonny. Was a great governor here for 8 years. You would've solved this problem in about two hours, sonny. He would've said let the legislature open, let us be transparent on signatures. I think that is ok. We're working hard to ensure it does not happen. Now they're trying to steal these two important senate seats from georgia. And these seats are the last line of defense to save America and protect all we have accomplished. We have accomplished things no other President has accomplished, no other administration and I did it with these two people. I did not know kelly. I did not know what you think. There is nobody that fought harder for me. You want me to tell it publicly. Is that ok? David understands this, too. She fought. What a trooper. She was so tough and smart. She even won against mitt romney. She did not like mitt romney. She said, I won't say what she said but it was tough. We call them kryptonite. Anything he touches, they lose. She was so great and I will not forget it. And David has been my friend for a long, long time. And there is nobody in washington that is more respected than David perdue. There is nobody. There is nobody. So we have to keep him. If the other side manages to steal both elections, we will have total one-party socialist control, and everything you care about will be gone, your whole philosophy is going to be gone. Joe biden. Kamala. Kamala. Crying chuck schumer and nancy pelosi, they want to take away your guns. I never got it. That is one of the reasons I knew. How can you win? No oil, no guns, no God. We knew that a long time ago. They want to take away your jobs, take away your borders, take away your freedom, take away your religion, and they want to take away your beautiful christmas that we just got back. When I imitate that, you remember I was saying suburban women? I said suburban women, please love me. I've been so good to you. I got rid of the worst regulation in the history of suburbia. I got rid of that regulation. So now you can actually have a house without a building going up next to it that you won't be happy about. With crime increasing by 10 fold. But suburban women, please, please love me. Cnn put me on, Donald Trump is begging and crying for the vote of suburban women. These people are sick. You have to be kerry -- you have to be very careful with sarcasm. Sarcasm does not work. Wow, that is a big group of people back there. The fake news. [booing] that's a big group. That is a lot of fake news. Now we call it the fake news and suppression news. I use the word suppression because they have a new thing. This happened since hunter. We were killing them on hunter stealing money from every country. He was a human vacuum cleaner and it was hurting them badly. Big tech, together with their partners of Democrats and their partner the fake news media, they decide, under no circumstances will we ever talk about it again. So you have 95% of the media -- you could have been be jesse James and walk into the bank with a gun, gimme all your money, and they won't talk about it. It's hard to have a scandal if you won't talk about it. Other than the new york post and people like sean hannity, and people like laura, and tucker is doing good. I like tucker lately. We have some great news people. Oan. [cheering] newsmax. And judge dineen -- judge jeanine. Jesse waters is great. And i'm in trouble because I don't mention everybody, but we have great people. We have a great voice. But the fact is, most of it was suppressed. No matter what, they would not talk. It was incredible. I have to give a lot of credit to carl allen in the new york post for what they did. They went out and fought them and thought them hard. Oldest paper in America should be very proud of themselves. We are doing the same things. These two incredible people are doing the same. We fight. If we don't vote, they will win. Friends of mine say, we won't vote because we are angry about the presidential election. They are friends of mine. They are people that are great people. They are real friends. More than just two. It's almost like a protest. But if you do that the radical left winds. -- wins. So many votes were stolen. You say, we won't do it. We can't do that. We have to do the opposite. We can't do that. We have to do just the opposite. If you don't vote, the socialists and the communists win. Georgia patriots must show up and vote for these two incredible people. They are two of the finest people you will ever meet. We can fight for the presidency and fight to elect our two great senators, and we can do it at the same time. The election is about David perdue, one of the greats. Kelly loeffler, a person who is unbelievable. You know, there is natural talent. As an athlete, I always say, would you rather practice or have natural palette? The best is both -- talent? The best is both. She has a great natural talent. They believe, both of them, in America. They believe our values, and they love this state. If they didn't I would not be here. I love your state too. It's about the radical left movement that hates America and wants to wipe away everything we hold dear. They want to rip down our statues. We took an old bill, because we could never get it signed in the house by crazy nancy, I took an old bill and it said, 10 years in prison if you take down a statue. I have not seen it happen lately. Did you notice? [cheering] everyone said, you can't use that. I will never forget. All the radical left Democrat run cities -- runned cities. If I had to do it again I would have sent the military in. They are supposed to handle their own affairs. I don't know. All over they said, sir, you can't do this bill, it's too tough. They will tear down the statute of abraham lincoln, george washington,, jefferson, desecrate the most beautiful pieces of art, and they represent our country. We can't let it happen. Over the last four years David purdue has been one of the toughest fighters for America first, America first agenda in washington. David saw this. Did you see last week? China does not like me too much, they pay us billions and billions. That never happened, billions and billions of dollars in tests and they these valued their currency -- de valued their currency. The happiest people in the world are the leaders of China. The second happiest are the leaders of Iran. In the next four years we would have been on a footing like nobody ever and now we are giving it away. China said, we will not deal with you unless you get rid of the America first policy. You know what the Democrats said? They said, yes, we will do that. Can you believe it? [booing] that's when I realized what a brilliant name that is. We came up with plenty of good ones, haven't we? Some of them I won't use because some are now friends of mine. But America first -- I looked at melania a week ago and I said, can you believe it, they are saying they don't agree with America first. How do you say that? We don't agree with America first, we agree with China. Yes, we will get rid of America first. I think, david, you don't like that? If they are here, that won't happen. Nothing will get past that won't be reasonable. He fought to pass the largest package of tax cuts and reforms. He helped to repeal a number of job -- the likes of which you have never seen before. It crippled worlk for farmers and builders. It was such a beautiful name but it was destroying people. How beautiful is that, waters of the United States? I said, I have to get rid of it, but I will get killed. The only thing good about it was the title. What are you doing, terminating waters of the United States. It was like the paris environmental accord. The paris environmental accord. I said, I will get killed in this one, but we will get paid trillion centrally and's of dollars. Russia has a big advantage -- trillions and trillions of dollars. Russia has a big advantage. Russia does not kick in until 2030. We kick in immediately. If we adhered to it we would have closed up 20% of our factories. John kerry, great negotiator, the first thing they want to do is bring back the paris accord, environmental accord. That was designed to destroy the United States. The second thing they want to do is give Iran billions of dollars. Iran would have been in my office in the first hour after we won the election to make a deal, but perhaps they still will. He said they still will. After hurricane Michael devastated our farmers in southwest georgia I said, no one worked harder to get them relief then David perdue. He actually called me more than sunny. David would call all the time. Remember how tough the Democrats were. They did not want to give them anything. Senator purdue helped pass the unprecedented $2. 5 trillion investment in our United States military. Delivering the largest pay raises, in addition to everything else, for warriors in a decade. We now have the greatest, most modern military in the history of our country. brand-new fighter jets , brand-new bombers, brand-new missiles and rockets, hypersonic missiles. We have hypersonic anhydrous sonic. Do you know what -- and hyro sonic. Do you know what hydro sonic is? Water. [chanting usa] when we took over our military was decimated, our military was tired, our military was in big trouble. I have said it a lot, one of the world's most overrated generals came to me and said, sir, we have no ammunition. I said, tell me you are not saying that. We did not have ammunition. We had very little ammunition. I said, that should never happen to a President of the United States again, nor should being spied on ever happened to a President. Senator purdue has been a tremendous leader on pro-american immigration reform like nobody else. He voted powerfully when I was going through hell on the wall. They gave me money for the military, they just did not give me money for the wall. So I took it out of the military. It's good to be a developer every once in a while. That was the one where the judges ruled yesterday. They said it was fine because I called the national security. You know what, they don't have to be careful because it's very popular, very successful. Shutdown sanctuary cities and chain migration and protect American jobs, David did. He voted to confirm nearly 300 of the judges I talked about. The federal judges that interpret the constitution as written. And when the Democrat mob came for judge kavanaugh, David purdue stood strong. [chairing] -- [cheering] they both stood stop -- stood strong when they impeached your President for making a perfect phone call. I am the only President ever who got impeached for making a perfect phone call. Senator purdue is an outsider, a businessman, and a true American patriot. You need him fighting for you and your family and your values. The United States senate cannot be the same without him. That's why i'm here. I don't do these things for other people. I did not know if anyone would come up. This is a hell of a crowd. As far as the eye can see. [cheering] I don't like doing it for other people. They asked if I would do a rally and I said not really. When they asked it was really not. I don't do it for other people. It's a lot of work to do a rally. I did five a day the last four or five days. One day I did six. Six. And the smallest one had 25,000 people. do you think that's fun? In some of them it 75 degrees. In others is 20 degrees below zero, and you are doing them both. I said, how is the weather, it's about 20 degrees below zero. Then I land and I say how is the weather, it's about 32. Jon ossoff is a radical left-wing zealot. He is very proud to be endorsed by bernie sanders. He supports defunding the police, supports the crazy green new deal. Don't forget, the green new deal is really $100 trillion. They don't say that, they talk about 3 trillion. No, it's 100 trillion. If our economy was going unbelievable gangbusters for 100 years, no recession, no anything, we could not come close to making 100 trillion. They want to rip down buildings and rebuild them with no others. I like windows. He wants to do a total government takeover of health care that will destroy your doctors offices and rural hospitals. If you have a cold, go to the hospital, wait in line for about three days, and hope you get a decent doctor. He supports a crippling nationwide lockdown. He wants you to lock your home nice and tight after you are inside of it. [booing] he passes legislation to let hardened criminals go free. Get them out of jail. Get them out of jail. He will be a complete tool for the radical left owners who are trying to buy georges senate seats. You see the money these people have raised? It's really -- it's very -- I just raise $250 million -- raised $250 million. I said, how are we doing on that front? They were so happy. You might not be happy in a few weeks. [cheering] they were so happy. I said, how is fundraising going? They said, sir, 250 million. How the hell did that happen? Because people believe in what we are doing. But that is why our sauce -- jon ossoff's donation come from liberal places and not georgia. I know you are with me and i'm with you. We have always had winds from primaries and we have won two elections I think -- elections. I think I won the second one I more -- one by moprere. On january 5 you need to vote for your incredible republican Senator kelly loeffler. Kelly has been an exceptional champion for george's workers and families. I know what they fight for. If I could tell you about David I could tell you about kelly. She fights for you every single day and loves our state. When our nation was hit with the China virus, Senator leffler -- Senator kelly loeffler voted to pass a bill really for American families. It has turned out to be a great thing, thank you. A lot of people said it's too much. It's not their fault but I want to get the more money now. I like the higher number rather than the lower number. With their help we secured $15 billion for 175,000 georgia small businesses, and saved 1. 5 million georgia jobs. That was both of them really. Both of them. Kelly is the relentless advocate for georgia farmers, she has fought tirelessly to get them relief in this pandemic. Her husband is a fine man was one of the most respected men in the country. None tell you that. He is a great man, a great gentleman. If you are successful it supposed to be a bad thing. I think it means you are smart. He is a smart guy but a great guy. He is a great man. At the urging of kelly and david, my administration took action to protect blueberries, peppers, squash and cucumbers. Who does cucumbers around here? I like cucumbers. I'm the only one. When our law enforcement euros were under attack -- herosheroes were under attack she was threatened. That threat meant nothing. That was a waste of phone calls, or however the hell they threaten you. That was a waste of time. She also introduced legislation -- remember beto o'rourke? He was another one. He wants to take your guns away. By the way, trump will lose taxes, but beto o'rourke wants to take. He was riding high and then ted cruz has done a great job. But beto was riding high. He was on the cover of a bad magazine. It's failing. It won't be in business for another six months, I hope. He was undercover and he said, I was born to do this. I said, anybody who says they were born to do this, they will lose very quickly. Within about two months he was a stone cold loser. Just weeks ago Senator loeffler cast her vote to confirm our newest supreme court justice, amy coney barrett. [cheering] they both did, by the way. I can't leave David out of that one. Kelly's opponent, raphael warnock is a dangerous extremists, who is radically opposed to your values. He said he believes that "nobody can serve God and the military. " oh really? An appalling statement that dishonors the memory and generations of American heroes who fought for God and for our country. Raphael warnock has openly declared support for socialism, and he has even praised marxists all over the world. He once posted the communist fidel castro. He was a good guys, he said. He called police officers gangsters, thugs, and bullies. He supports abolishing cash bail. Look what happened to new york with no bail. You kill somebody, don't worry about it, you are on the honor code. He has declared, "open up the jails, free the violent criminals, and prey on families and children. " this is not for georgia. It might be for some places. This is not for georgia. Rafael has to move to another state. Warnock is strongly anti-israel, and he believes America is a citizen nation that must be punished. Don't just take my word for it, we did something -- I should not be doing this for them, it's too much money but we will do it anyway. We have a little video to play, please. I just looked at that one scene because it was in washington. We had incredible crowds of people. They were angry as hell at the election and they showed up. It was incredible. Hundreds of thousands of people. Some of the fake news said hundreds of people are here. No. Tens of thousands of people. Antifa, antifa showed up. [booing] not the right, but the left showed up. They looked at some of these people and they wanted to attack the crowd. They looked and they said, no thank you, and they left. They looked at some of these people and they said, no thank you. Everyone went home very peacefully. It was a beautiful day. That night they came back. There were a few families that stayed around with young children. There were elderly people having dinner in washington. Very elderly people, and they got attacked. Those people got attacked viciously from the scum of antifa. We cannot let this happen. What they did not play, what the fake news did not play is, during the day they wanted to do damage, they took a look and said, no thank you. We will wait until we get the people with the children. We will wait until we get the elderly people that want to stay in washington, and really just have a good time. And it was disgusting to watch. On january 5 you must defeat ossoff and warnock, and send David purdue and kelly loeffler back to the senate. [cheering] and if you don't mind, I would like to ask David and kelly to come up and say a few words. Thank you very much. [chanting] we are fighting, we will fight like you have never seen before. We can't let what happened three weeks ago -- it's beyond meat, we can't let it happen. Somewhere -- it's beyond me, we can't let it happen. Somewhere it's been happening, but never like it's been happening recently. A used the pandemic and the phony fake ballots, they used that to sabotage the country. We won't let it happen. A major issue in the state is voter fraud. It has been a big issue for a long time, but never like this. We sent out millions and millions of ballots. Nobody knew where they came from, people were getting 2, 3, 4 ballots. They were signing them and sending them in. What a mess. I said it a year ago and I said it every month. I said let's postpone the election and they said, he's not an American. They knew what they were doing. We are all deeply disturbed and upset by the lying, cheating, stealing that has gone on with our elections. We know the Democrats have dead people voting. You have to watch it. Dead people, you would not believe how many. E legal aliens from out of the state -- illegal aliens from out of the state. They put up names, they have people signing their own names over and over. They have people signing names with the same pen, with the same signature, they don't even change because they know once they get it in it will never be looked at. It will never be looked at again because of people like your secretary of state and your governor. [booing] so we want signature verification. We are going to be careful, we will watch every ballot, david, kelly, we can't let this happen again. We have more light shining here because of what happened, and because it is pinpointed. The answer to the Democrat fraud is not to stay at home. That's what nancy Pelosi and schumer want you to do. Stay at home, just stay at home. If you want to do something to them, I don't want to use the word revenge, but it is revenge, to the democrats, you show up and vote in record numbers. They can only win if they cheat. They cannot win this state unless they cheat. They cheap better than anybody. When you think of it -- cheat better he does not have to be a citizen, are you a citizen? No, no english, speak no english. Are you voting? The democratic national committee had their convention. When it comes to the most important thing, voting, they don't want to do it. We just can't let that happen. I have only been -- right now dominion is a joke. Ok. Not a very funny joke. It's a disgrace that in 2020 in America even makes any real attempt to verify that those who cast ballots imail are eligible and lawfully registered voters. The evidence of fraud is overwhelming. I will ask you to look up at that very powerful and expensive screen. So, if you just take the crime of what the Democrat workers were doing -- right away, there was no water main break -- that is 10 times more than I need to win the state. It's 10 times and may be more because we lost by a very close number. The alleged biden margin of victory in several states is entirely accounted for by extraordinary large midnight vote dumps. You saw them going up to the sky. All extremely skewed to biden. Biden would get 10,000 votes and trump would get three and a trump area. 6:30 a. m. In michigan. 5900 votes for Donald Trump. 96% for biden, 4% for trump in an area where I should be doing quite well. And I won almost every county in michigan, almost every district except for one. They had more people, if you look at the ballots, they had ballots all over, they had more ballots than they had people voting. They had people, and they are voting, as you know, two of the canvassers did not vote and they got the hell knoecked out of them. They raised their hands and cannot sign it ultimately. But more ballots than they had voters. How simple is that? A similar vote jump occurred in wisconsin at 3:42 a. m. This is 3:42 in the morning. When I went to bed that night everybody was calling, congratulations, you are up 600,000 votes in pennsylvania across all of the key swing states. There were no rejection rates. For mail in ballots, drastically less than the historic norm. In georgia,. 5% of the mail in ballots were rejected in 2020 compared to 5. 77%. That's a difference of 11 times more. It's hundreds of thousands of votes. In pennsylvania,. 03% were rejected. In 2020 compared to a much higher percentage in 2016. This issue alone is enough to change the election results in many states. Whistleblowers. And that's the smallest of the issues. Whistleblowers in multiple states have testified to postal workers. Election workers are backdating thousands and thousands of ballots. Fixing ballots, filling out false birthdays, registering in voters and much more. We are talking about hundreds of thousands of votes in each state. In arizona, a sample of 100 ballots reviewed by a judge found that a very small percentage of these ballots, very small, but when you look at it was turned out to be very large. It was tens of thousands of votes more than we would have needed to win arizona. We should have won that state easily. We have a similar type of governor. In one michigan county -- by the way, when laura ingram interviewed your governor he said he was an offensive line men. I said, that strange, he does not look like an offensive line meant. In one michigan county using dominion voting stations, nearly 6000 votes were discovered that were wrongly switched from trump to biden. They called it a glitch. That's like the machine broke. Numerous time we have had glitches. Every single time the glitch went 100% abide in and no percent to trump. -- 100% to biden and no percent to trump. The left cheats and steals, a are ruthless, and they are hell bent on getting power and control by any means necessary. They investigate you and they prosecute you. The moment you question them, they tried to intimidate you. A call you a poor american, you are not a good american, you don't love our country. They beat you down, shut you up and make your retreat. That's what they do, that's what they've done to your governor. They've done that to your governor. Your governor should be ashamed of himself. That's what they want to do right here in georgia. They want you to be quiet, they want you to go away, but we don't go away. It's the biggest open secret in America the Democrats cheat in elections. This year by sending out 65 million mail in ballots they perpetrated the largest fraud of the history of our country. Democrat officials and politicians in every swing state systematically weakened every measure to combat election fraud. They ensured that there were no identity checks, no signature checks. None check the signature, please. No eligibility checks, no nothing. Every single one of you know that if these ballots are properly audited, if the signatures and envelopes were examined, if the envelopes were correlated to the votes, because he will find there are far more ballots than there are envelopes, all you have to do is count them up. How many ballots do you have, how many envelopes do you have? If the voter rolls are studied, in other words, studied to check the signature, miss smith, oh, it's a totally different signature from two years ago, from six years ago, from 10 years ago, what's that about? We will find a hundreds of thousands of ballots were illegally cast all over the state and over the country. More than enough to give us a total historic victory. This is our country. You know this, you are see it, they try to take it from us through breeding, fraud, deception -- through rigging, fraud, deception and deceit. That's what's going on in our country. We will do something about it quickly. We will be watching on january 5. We will be watching ella -- every element of what they do, the fraud they perpetrated in our country. We will watch it more closely than any election has ever been watched. Hopefully our legislators and United States supreme court will step forward and save our country. [cheering] I used to say, without borders we don't have a country. I could say also, without an honest the voting system, without an electoral process that works and is honest and fair, we don't have a country either. We need to check every single signature in the presidential and senatorial elections. Right now we have to get out and vote for David purdue and kelly loeffler to show the radical left that we will never surrender, we will only win. We always win. Somehow we find a way to win. Now is not the time to retreat, now is the time to fight harder than ever before. So don't listen to my friends, just go out, go out. And you know what they are saying, they are saying, we want you to fix the system. We will fix the system. But the system will be fixed when these people get in. We are all victims. All these thousands of people here tonight, they are all victims. Every run of you -- every one of you. The next great victory begins january 5, then we will win back the white house. We are going to win it back. And we are going to take back the house in 2022. And then in 2024, and hopefully I won't have to be a candidate, we will win back the white house again. [cheering] a friend of mine said, don't worry about it, sir, you are way up in the polls, you will win in 2024. I don't want to wait until 2024, I want to go back in three weeks. We will be joined tonight by real friends of all of ours. I have to tell you, as you know, he and kelly had a great primary, a very strong primary. People did fantastically well and he is on board and is one of the greatest advocates I have ever met in washington. None thank doug. Thank you, dough. What a job he does. Thank you. Daugoug, you want to run for governor in two years? [cheering] you would be a good-looking governor. A friend of mine, one of the toughest guys you will ever see, louie gohmert of texas. Thank you. And a young up and come or who has taken washington -- comer who has taken washington by storm, dan crenshaw. Where is dan? I did not see you. The first time that has ever happened to me. Because you do stand out in many ways. Thank you. The next Senator from tennessee just got elected, did my endorsement help? Huh? Better believe it. We love tennessee. Bill howe dirty -- bill hagerty. He will be a great Senator. Your former eight year governor or it only left because of a thing called term limits. If I would have known I would have tried to end those term limits. But he went to the department of agriculture. He has done a tremendous job. We handed out 28 billion dollars to farmers. I said, how badly have we been targeted by China? Sonny perdue said, over a two-year perid, $20 billion. That's when I put the tariffs on china, did the money and gave it to the farmers. We had the money left over and put that into the u. s. Treasury. He knows more about farms than any human being. State representative, a friend of mine. He happens to be a democrat, but we love him. Vernon jones. Thank you. What a great guy. Agriculture commissioner, gary black. Good job you are doing. Boy, what a good reputation. Thank you. Your public service commissioner. Great man who is also on the ballot next month, bubba mcdonald. Where is bubba? Great job. Thanks a lot. And I introduce you to vernon jones. He will be a very important man. William and brandon, and the folks, I appreciate you being here. Very important. Georgia republican party chairman David shafer. David. Hi, David. How are we doing, David? We will fire you so fast if you don't -- no, David is doing a great job. The rnc chairwoman. We have won the great state known as michigan. I said, let's bring her into washington, ronna mcdaniel. Thank you. Over the last four years we built the greatest political movement in the history of our country. Already we have achieved more than anyone thought possible, and we're just getting started. We don't want other people to rip it apart. We must reelect kelly and David to keep it going for decades. Our politicians spend trillions and chileans of dollars rebuilding other foreign -- other foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders. We want to defend our borders. And we are now finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories and our troops back home to the usa where they belong. Bringing them home. Not easy to bring them home. I bring them home and they say, we have to keep them there. We have to keep money to these countries that can't stand us that nobody has heard of. We ended the war on American energy and the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth. We achieved the most secure border in u. s. History and we built our wall. For a fortunate to you because you are a big military between the equipment we build and be a choice and v. a. A comment -- and v. a. Twice and v. a. Accountability. For years, you would always see how badly treated the vets were. I should not say this because they will find on somewhere in the country. Ebut you don't see that anymore. You don't see the stories on the evening news about vets being treated horribly. Accountability was a big factor. We fired 9000 people who took advantage of our vets and they are gone. Now if our that's don't get good service -- our vets don't get good service, they go out and get it and don't wait in line for months. We destroyed 100% of the Isis caliphate in iraq and Syria. We killed the leader of Isis and eliminated the world's top terrorist. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal, and I think they want to start it up again. Can you believe this? I wonder if they will give them 150 billion. They were ready to do whatever we wanted. Now they are salivating. I recognize the true capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized is really sovereignty over the -- is really sovereignty -- israili sovereignty. We have the greatest military and greatest equipment made in the usa. A lot of it made in georgia. I am the only one in many decades that has not started a war. Everyone thought that in my personality I would be in war the first week. They were all saying war. We developed relationships. Let's see how he would do with kim jung-un of North Korea. I don't think too well. But remember I came in and it they said it would be war with North Korea and war with everybody. We built the greatest North Korea in the world. The better it is, the less likely we have to use it. Everything we achieved together is on the line on june 5. You can send the message to the fake news media. There is a lot of them back there. [booing] they will find something wrong with this evening. I don't know what it is, but they will find something wrong. Maybe it was the person who shouted love3. They will find something. It has been a lovefest. This is a lovefest for these two people. But they all want the silicon valley sensors and the corrupt Democrat political machines, they are partners. You must vote for David purdue and kelly loeffler. With your help we are going to continue our mission to save America. We will defend the right to life, religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. They are going to take your guns away. We will always support the heroes of law enforcement. We will maintain america's unrivaled military life, and we will preserve peace through strength. We will protect social security and medicare, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and children, and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the words of our national motto -- in God we trust. From atlanta to a gusto, from athens to right here, right here -- from atlanta to augusta, from athens to right here, right here -- this is a nice place -- we herald generations of American patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears to defend our country and our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the ocean, settled a continent, paved the wilderness, laid down the railroad, raised up the great skyscrapers, defeated fascism and communism and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And add me to the group, if you don't mind. If they get in, we will be better than ever before. The best is yet to come. Proud citizens like you helped this country, and together, we are taking back our country, our fight to drain the washington swamp, and reclaim American destiny has just begun. We will not bend. We will not break. We will not yield. We will never give in, never give up, never back down. We will never, ever surrender. [cheers and applause] because we are americans, and our hearts bleed red, white, and blue. [crowd chanting "usa!"] we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. Together, with the incredible people of georgia, we have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, georgia. Get out and vote. Get out and vote.