ID: CSPANDT412021114
Title: President Trump Remarks at Georgia U.S. Senate Campaign Event
Date: 2021-01-04

I want to thank you very much. Hello, georgia. By the way, there is no way we lost georgia. That was a rigged election, but we are still fighting it and you will see what is going to happen. We will talk about it. I just want to thank you. Biden was here today. They had 14 people in three cars. There was no way. I have had to elections. I won both of them, it's amazing. And I actually did much better on the second one. It's great to be back in this incredible state, the home of hard-working patriots who believe in god, family and country. Tomorrow, each of you is going to vote in one of the most important runoff elections in the history of our country. Forget about runoffs, one of the most important elections. It's not a runoff, it's elections because it's a biggie. Our country is depending on you. The whole world is watching the people of georgia tomorrow. Everything is so crooked. Not here, they are always complaining about georgia. No, i'm complaining about eight different states. I think we will win them all. You are going to get everyone you know, you will show up in the polls in record numbers. Together we are going to defeat the Democrat extremists and deliver a victory. David purdue. Where is David? I love David so well he is respected and loved by everyone. Someone that has really been a star in washington. Kelly loeffler. Where is kelly? Where is our kelly? What a job you have done. Thank you. Kelly fights for me, David fights for me, that I can tell you. And I will also say, the republicans, for the people that don't fight, not for me, fighting for us, because we have a lot of corrupt things that happened. When they don't fight, one thing I have learned about republicans , I have some difficulties, but you know a difficulty I don't have -- they don't have? They never forget. People will find that out because we have to go, we have to go all the way. You will watch what happens over the next couple of weeks. Watch what's going to come out. Watch what's going to be revealed. You watch. And I have to tell you that the stakes to this election cannot be higher. You vote tomorrow, you want to go out tomorrow. People want to go out, they don't want to do the ballot thing. They don't want to do it unless it's the other side, in which case they print them out. Make sure your vote is counted. Make sure they don't let you say, i'm sorry, somebody else has already voted for you. Your vote tomorrow will decide which party controls the United States senate. The radical Democrats are trying to capture georgia's senate seats so they can have unchecked, unrestrained absolute power over every aspect of your lives. If the liberal Democrats take the senate and the white house, and they are not taking this white house, we are going to fight like hell. I was telling kelly before, you can use -- lose. You go wherever you are going any say, maybe I will do it again sometime or maybe I won't. But when you win in a landslide and they steal it and it's rigged, not acceptable. Then you have a country that would be run -- if these two don't win and if we don't take the presidency, you have a country that would be run by schumer, Pelosi and biden. The people of georgia would be up the mercy of the left-wing socialists, communists, marxists, and that's where it's going. We don't like to use the word communist. How about the press? Look at them back there. Look at all of them. That's a lot of press. They have gone silent. Who knows who wins, but people would here, now they don't want to talk about it, and less they can say something bad about you, they don't want to talk about it. So if we talk about certain subjects that you have been watching over the last six months, all of a sudden they were getting clobbered. They went stone cold silent. Big tech, the fake news media, they go silent. They don't talk about it. That is the beginning of communism. That's exactly what happens. Because I think they hate our country and they despise georgia values. I think a lot of you despise them. There is nothing the radical Democrats will not do to get power that they so desperately crave. Even the outright stealing of elections, like they are trying to do with us. We are not going to let it happen. I hope mike Pence comes through for us. I have to tell you. I hope that our great Vice President comes through for us. He's a great guy. Of course, if he doesn't come through, I won't like him quite as much. He's a wonderful man and a smart man and a man that I like a lot, but he will have a lot to say about it. You know one thing with him, you will get straight shots. He will call it straight. Over the past few weeks we have demonstrated that we won the election in a landslide. Almost 75 million people voted for me. The most if -- the most of any incumbent President in the history of our country. We won't know for 11 million, close to 12 million more votes than 2016. One of the largest -- actually, the single largest increase in the history of our country. No person that one went to a second term or went through an election where he got nearly 12 million votes. It has never happened before. Never happened before. We made historic gains among african-americans, hispanic americans, agent -- asian americans, and we won the larger share of nonwhite vote of any republican in 60 years. We also 118 out of 19 bellwether counties. We won 18 out of 19, that is a record and they said we did not win. We won 25 of 26 house tossup races. I think we have one we are waiting for. Hello, mike. How are you? Did you see the one in new york, they keep finding votes. She is up by 18. We just found 19 votes. It's the same kind of stuff. Democrats were projected to gain 15 house seats and instead, and kevin mccarthy gives us the credit. Good man. Very good man. We have a couple of great ones with us tonight. The Democrats lost 14 seats. It was supposed to be the other way around. And when that happens, no President loses unless they play games. You don't lose, they play games. The fact is, we won the President election. We will win tomorrow, we will win it really big, we have to. People have no idea how important that is. Tonight, our mission here in georgia is to make sure the radical left cannot rob you of your voice and your votes in washington. You cannot lose these two people. I know them well. They are the most respected people. They are great people. They have a voice. They love their state and they love their country. The Democrats are trying to steal the white house, you cannot let them. You just can't let them steal the u. s. Senate. You can't let it happen. David and kelly are running against the most extreme liberal candidates in the history of your state, probably in the history of your country. Jon ossoff and raphael warnock. I think jon ossoff was running against a fine woman. He was at 57, we drove him down to 49 it and then there a runoff. This will be hopefully easy. When you know what he stands for, when you know what raphael warnock stands for, it really should be easy. Deciding votes to rubberstamp the agenda of aoc and bernie sanders. Crazy bernie, stacey abrams. What's with this stacey abrams. Your governor and your secretary of state, they are petrified of stacey abrams. What's that all about? Did you see this consent decree they signed, with signature verification, you can forget about it. What they have done to your state, I think people have no idea what they have done to your state. That consent degree -- decree of these two people. They say they are republicans, I really don't think they are. If we want to have a special session, why wouldn't they let us have a special session? If they want to check signatures and fulton county, not an cobb county -- they said, we will do call first and then fulton, why wouldn't they do that? That is a positive thing. Anyway, the Democrats want to turn America -- I will be here in a year and a half campaigning against your governor. I should not say this, I should not say this because I just don't want you to tell anybody outside of this room, other than the millions. I endorsed him, he was in last place. I endorsed him and he went to first place immediately, then he won the primary, then I gave him a couple of rallies, which I don't like doing for other people. I don't do rallies for other people, I do them for me. They say over 25,000 people. Over what, over a couple of days notice. Is everybody glad you are here? Right? I think so. There is no place like a trump rally. But this is a kelly rally and a David rally, and I would not do it unless I loved them both. But I will be here in a year and a half and I will be campaigning against your governor and your crazy secretary of state. And you have great candidates. They want to turn the Democrats do, America into venezuela with no jobs, no prosperity, no rights, no freedom, no future for you and your family. Here is exactly what the radical left will do if they win this runoff election, which we can't let them do tomorrow. Tomorrow is a big day. We have to get over one million votes tomorrow. That is a lot of votes, but we will do it. And the one thing I know, if they win I will get no credit, and if they lose they are going to blaine trump. And kelly won't let that happen. Please win tomorrow. You are going to win so big it's going to be a great story. It's a great story, very important story for our country. Such a big story. They will massively raise your taxes for the middle class to pay for socialism, u. s. Military, which is we -- which we rebuilt, the u. s. Military. Much of it coming out of georgia. You have incredible contractors in georgia, military contractors , and they got plenty of our money. Spent $2. 5 billion. When I spent -- when I took over the military it was absolutely a mess. It was depleted, now it's the opposite of depleted. Military families across the street and all over the state will be betrayed, their benefits and opportunities will be slashed. For depending, fort gordon and other georgia military institutions will be the first on the chopping block. They will be forced to change the names of the basis with generations of American patriots. Give me a couple of names. I don't want to give them the credit, but you will name them after other people for trump. How about that? I like that. Let's change it. Let's change it. Kelly, let's change it. Now they are going to go back and say, he wants to have fort benning changed to trump. Watch, they will say, he's asking and baking for fort benning to be changed to trump. The Democrats will surrender the entire u. s. Manufacturing industry to China. You notice they never criticize china, they never criticize. It's russia, russia, Russia. I saw again today, Russia. That was another great scam. I have been involved in the two greatest scams in American history. The russian hoax and now they are trying to steal an election from us. We won not by a little bit. We won in numbers that nobody has seen before. If jon ossoff and raphael warnock our elected -- and you know what will happen, they will open American borders and allowed tens of millions of illegal immigrants to pour into our country from every corner of the globe. Your schools, your hospitals and your communities will be overwhelmed. And the wall, the wall, the wall. Remember, we will build the wall. Mexico is playing -- paying for the wall. We were going to charge them a nice fee, right at the end. They were paying for the wall. They paid for 28,000 troops along the wall and along the border. Which we don't need so much anymore. That we built almost 500 miles of wall and they want to rip down the wall. They want to rip it down. That's why the numbers have been so great. But now everyone is coming back up because they think this guy will win. If he wins, it will be everything they could dream of. We cannot afford to do it. We cannot afford to do it. They are coming up with the caravans. Remember the caravans? The caravans are starting to pour in. Let's keep this thing going. We have great support in Congress. We have good support in the senate, I would not say great, it could be better, the people will remember the people that don't support us. If they win this race, Democrats will implement nationwide catch and release. You know what that is, you catch a criminal, you take his name and say, you are released into our country. I ended it. Come back in four years and we will take you to court. So far nobody has ever shown up. Literally they almost don't show up. That's when I had the big debate with biden. I turned out to be right, did they apologize, I don't think so. And time and our entire country into one giant sanctuary for criminal aliens, setting loose tens of thousands of dangerous offenders and putting ms 13 gang members straight into your children's schools. We have removed thousands and thousands of ms 13 gang members. None think ice, I want to think border patrol and I want to thank our great law enforcement. Incredible people. Very incredible. And the people that understand those values are kelly and David. They understand those values and your with our law enforcement, right? They will allow heroine, cocaine, fentanyl and other deadly drugs to go across our borders again and poison our youth. They will take away your health care, they will eliminate private insurers. We have 180 million people that love their private insurance. And you will lose your doctor. Remember, President obama said you can keep your doctor, you can keep your plan. He said it 28 times and that was a lie. That was a lie. It turned out to be a great scam lie. I got rid of the individual mandate, the most unpopular thing in obamacare. Fighting a lot of different things. It does not make it obamacare anymore. They will resume the war on christians and attack catholic organizations like little sisters of the poor. They will ban voter id. We want voter id, is that so much to ask? An institute universal, unsolicited mail in balloting in every state. If we don't do something fast, there will never be another fair election in America. We are known for elections and now we are being laughed at all over the world about this last election. The good thing about tomorrow, it's one state, see you have a lot of eyeballs watching. It's tough for them when you have 50 states and they do it in various states. I was leading in pennsylvania by hundreds of thousands of votes. All of a sudden I was tied, I said, what happened. They will make washington, d. c. And other liberal places, the 51st, 53rd states of the union guaranteeing the radical left a permanent majority of the u. s. Senate, the house, and the electoral college. It will make it a one-party country and the party will be the wrong party. They will pack the supreme court with extremists. And I am not happy with the supreme court. They are not stepping up to the plate. They are not stepping up. How about that. Look at the supreme court. President of the united states, I want to file suit, and they say, sir, you really cannot do that. They have legal reasons, complex legal reasons. If you are the President of the United States and you get defrauded out of an election you should be able to file in suit, but we cannot do that. They say, sir, you don't have standing. How about that. I'm the president, seven states -- I was winning by a lot and then all of a sudden I was losing by a tiny bit. They could only go so far. They had no idea we would do the kind of numbers so that printing press was bull. They said I don't have standing to bring a suit. What kind of a legal system is that? The supreme court has let us down so far. Maybe they will come back here it they will pack the supreme court's with crazed extremists, then they will say, you know, I should have done something about this when I start having 24, 25, 26 justices, and they want the justices to rotate to the lowest courts. These nine justices will have a great time rotating. But they are destroying our constitution and overthrowing america's founding. If the left wednesday's senate seats, they will abolish the senate. The filibuster, they will knock it out. What I have been saying for a long time, they will do that. At some point they will do that and why don't we do it first? If they're going to do it you might as well do it first and everybody said, you were right, but I want to be wrong because I want these to win. If they win, we don't want to do it. It's a bad thing for our country. That would give them the power to go through every piece of left-wing legislation that they have ever wanted and have ever dreamt of. Your religious liberty would be gone, your second amendment will be gone, your borders will be gone, your police departments will be gone as we know them, and your life savings will be gone. It will be like a large-scale version of so many other countries that you look at. America as you know it will be over and it will never, I believe, be able to come back again. It will be too far gone. Your vote tomorrow could lose, and it could be your last chance to save the America that we love. That's why i'm year, I don't want to do this -- that's why i'm here, I don't want to do this. The far-left wants to destroy our country, demolish our history and erase everything that we hold year. This could be the most important vote you will ever cast for the rest of your life. It really could be. This is so important. Think of it, it's so important. It's amazing that in one state you have two races simultaneously. I don't think a thing like that has ever happened before. If you don't show up, the radical Democrats will win. A lot of people will say, may be trump wants it that way. No, I want a great country and I want these two special people to be elected. Those of you that know how badly screwed we got, I want to be clear that we cannot let that happen again. We can't let that happen again. We will come back and I really believe we will take what they did to us november 3, we will take it back, but these two people, they can't go through this. They can't go through it. If you don't go and vote, the socialists will be in charge of our country. If you don't fight to save your country with everything that you have, you will not have a country left. I love this date, the state has been very good to me. We've had a lot of victories in the state. Just had one on november 3. And I love the people of this state. We cannot let this happen. The damage they do will be permanent and will be irreversible. Can't let it happen. Nothing and no one will be able to stop this. The senate seats are truly the last line of defense. Now I must profit -- preface that because they will say, he just conceded. No, I don't think so. Kelly, if I might add, I think we are going to win in which case we will be the last line of defense. It's called vito, vito, vito -- vetp. Veto, veto. David purdue is a great gentleman. David was a critical vote and a right to pass the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history. We did that together, we got it done watching -- launching an incredible economic room. Greatest tax cuts in the history of our country and the greatest restrictions. We were so restricted we cannot breathe in this country. I think it might've been more important than the tax cuts. You would know that being one of the great businessman of our world. When georgia needed a strong voice in washington after hurricane michael, remember hurricane Michael? And I was down here with David purdue led the charge to get the workers and farmers in the state the relief you deserve. He said, sir cami -- sir, can we get $1 billion and I said we will get it and we got a very fast. There was no mechanism. You got hit with a hurricane like you have never seen before, a cayman from a location that is very unique, it was a hurlbert thing. I was here for a long time with David and his kin, the great sonny perdue, our department of agriculture, secretary of agriculture was fantastic also. But we worked very hard and we got the farmers and the business is the money that they had to have, and now they are thriving. David has been one of the most courageous advocates fighting for immigrations that defends American workers, and American wages, American families and American jobs. He led the effort in Congress to build the wall. That's right. And kelly helped him. She is a little bit newer to the senate and she helped a lot. Those last moments you were there. Crackdown on deadly sanctuary cities and chain migration and protect our great citizens. He fought to help us replace the nafta disaster they said it could not be done. A giant victory for workers and farmers all over our country. Nafta was the worst trade deal probably ever sign. And I could be some of the crazy deals that they did what China. He voted to confirm nearly 300 federal judges. We have a record on federal judges and three supreme court justices. Which is a tremendous thing. We have over 300 federal judges committed to interpreting our constitution as written. No one fights harder for the people of georgia than David purdue. David's opponent, jon ossoff, is an unhinged radical leftists. He said that he is very proud to be endorsed by socialist crazy bernie sanders. He is weak on china, he promoted chinese propaganda and then he failed to disclose his business ties to the chinese communist party. Other than that, he's a wonderful guy. Jon ossoff supports the largest tax hikes in American history. If they get in, jon ossoff and raphael warnock, wahhabist -- you are have the largest tax increase you ever had. It will be the largest increase in the history of our country for what, the green new deal. Let's build a building with no windows, among many other things. He supports the insane green new deal, which would crush middle-class parents trying to raise a family. He will support the socialist takeover of American health care, which will lead to rationing, poverty and death. Jon ossoff backs the radical left wing crusade. He probably joined the anti-police mom. He does not like our police, we love our police. [cheers and applause] slandering our brave men and women in blue. If you've ofer jon ossoff you will attack our heroes, he will destroy our economy and he will destroy a you and your family, and it will happen very quickly. That's why you must devote and really importantly, get out tomorrow and vote for David purdue. He is a great gentleman. Georgia has another fantastic champion in Senator kelly loeffler. Kelly is a staunch defender of our incredible military. I am so proud of our military. She supports the war and she always stands with the heroes of law enforcement, Ice and border patrol. I hated it, kelly, well he got ballots from the military would trump and they got thrown into a river. They through ballots into a river from the military with my name all over it. That was just one of many instances. Kelly is also a committed protector of your second amendment rights. With kelly's of votes we confirmed our third new supreme court justice, amy coney barrett. Working with david, kelly helped rescue the u. s. Economy from the China virus, passing nearly $4 trillion in economic relief, saving over 1. 5 million georgia jobs and rescuing countless small businesses all across your state. Businesses that are now doing really well. And we also came up with a vaccine, nobody else would have done that. They would have done that in 10 years. Kelly and David pope strongly support my efforts to provide $2000 stimulus checks the hard-working americans across georgia and across the nation. And my reasoning is simple, we are conservative with money, but my reasoning is simple. You did not cause this problem. This problem was caused by China. Kelly is running against a hard left extremist named raphael warnock. [booing] he is the most radical and dangerous left-wing candidate ever to seek this office, and certainly in the state of georgia, and he does not have your values. Raphael warnock is declared to publicly support the socialists anyone's welcomed the communist fidel castro. He liked him, he thought he was a nice guy. He said, nobody can serve both God and the military. That's against thousands of patriotic service members across the state of georgia. He wants to abolish cash bail. You see how that's working in new york city. He has called for opening up the jails and he slandered our police officers gangsters, thugs and bullies. The voters of georgia could not be more clear. Jon ossoff and raphael warnock are fringe extremists who would wreck everything georgia patriots hold dear to their hearts. Kelly leffler and David purdue share your values. They share your values like nobody shares your values. I can tell you, they share your values. They want to defend your interests, and they will always put America first, did you see the other day, what a great name, America first. They announced they don't want to do the America first policy, which is crazy. Even if you don't do it, and that includes financially and every other way, even if you don't believe it, you don't say we will end America first. They want to end America first. I would love for you to come up and say a few words, would that be ok? Thank you, that was nice. I'm glad I am bided her up. That was great. -- I am glad I invited her up. That was great. That was so great. Thank you. It really is, its fight for our country. Not fight for trump, it's fight for our country. Also joining us tonight are georgia representatives marjorie taylor greene. Come up here, kelly wants you to come up here. Don't mess with her, don't mess with her. I also want to introduce to great warrior friends of mine, andrew klein and jodie. Thank you both. Great job. We have another friend of ours, south carolina Senator lindsey graham. And mike leigh 's here, but I am a little angry at him. Where is he? I am a little angry at you, but that's ok. State representative vernon jones, what a great guy. A great man. And an early supporter of mine who was also on the ballot tomorrow, public service commissioner bubba mcdonald. Bubba/. You are going to do great. Great guy. Good luck tomorrow, you will do well. Georgia republican party, David shafer is fighting. He is out there fighting. He is fighting. I also want to say hello to kelley's husband. He is one of the great entrepreneurs in our country. He is respected by everybody, he is a tough guy but he is a sweetheart and he loves your state. I just want to stay hello -- I just want to say hello. He is respected as a businessman, respected by everybody, and gives tremendous amounts of money to charity and everybody else. Also, a friend of mine. I don't know what it is, I am not so good with the -- -- with the bikes. He is the founder and he had more people show up for me. I had 2000, 3000, 4000 bikes. Secret service would go crazy. They just wanted to protect their future President. They were with me. For whatever reason, bikers like me and I like them. Wherever you are chris. Where is chris? I don't know why the bikers like me, chris, but I like you guys a lot and you are great. We go to speeches and it would be packed. They did not even want to be inside, they would sit outside and they were protecting their President when I became President. I never felt safer in my life. That's true. Another man who is respected by everybody, a friend of mine, David mcintosh. David. David. Thank you, David. Respected by everybody. None thank don jr. . Did he do a good job tonight? They love our don, but he is working hard. None think don and kimberly guilfoyle, who's always been incredible. And I also came with somebody who people like a lot. People like her a lot. She does not really like the concept of running for office. She says, what do I need it for, dad. Ivanka. Where's ivanka? Should we get ivanka up, yes? Come on up. Here. Thank you, ivanka, don, kimberly, everybody. Tomorrow how her entire nation is counting on the people of georgia. The state of our country is in your hands. You must deliver a republican victory so big that the Democrats can't steal it or cheat it away. They will be trying, I will tell you that. We have all seen what our opponents are capable of doing. Iran to elections, I -- I ran two elections. Second one more successful than the first. Election night we were leading by so much. We won't have that tomorrow. We will have that tomorrow night where you are leading and then it's gone like magic. We won florida and ohio in record numbers. We won iowa by 8. 2%. Nobody has ever won those three states and lost. Never happened before. It's almost impossible unless people get very lucky or they cheat. We are up 293,000 votes in michigan, 112,000 votes in washington. In wisconsin we were way up. 356,000 votes in georgia. And 700,000 votes in pennsylvania. It was over. I should have run up to the podium and said thank you very much for this wonderful the greek and maybe they would not have -- this wonderful victory and maybe they would not have had time to close the counting boots and do what they -- booths and do what they did. And then it disappeared. Keep your eyes open. Since the election we have put forth indisputable evidence documenting the rampant fraud that will be announced on wednesday, as you know. And I want to think Senator josh hawley, ted cruz, all of the incredible senators that have stepped up to fight because they have seen what happens, they know it's a fraud. And not just here. I watched some of the people on fox. I had no choice, I had to. I did not have enough channels. They said, why is he fighting for georgia? I am fighting and eight actually, but six, and we are going to win them all. One of the people, a very fine woman said, why is he fighting georgia, it does not get him there. Georgia, pennsylvania and one other gets you there. We have six and may be eight if you look at them. We were leading all of them by a lot, until, like a miracle, it started to quickly disappeared. In georgia there were tens of thousands of illegal votes cast and counting. Watch for this tomorrow, we were up 10,350 ballots cast by individuals whose name and date of birth matches a georgia resident who died in 2020 prior to the election. Your wacky secretary of to people. I don't know how many people were on that list, but it's a lot of people. 2506 ballots were cast by individuals whose name and date of birth matches an incarcerated felon in a georgia prison. Paid a lot of money to a lot of people, I can tell you that. 4502 illegal ballots are cast by individuals who do not appear on the state's voter role. Well, that is sort of strange. 18,325 illegal ballots were cast by individuals who register to vote using an address listed as vacant, according to the postal service. At least 86,880 ballots were cast by people whose registrations -- we're down by a little more than 11,000. Everyone one of these is determinative. 66,000 votes in georgia were cast under the legal voting age. They moved out. Eh, let's go back. Usually takes a little time. Rejection rate went from an average of one -- 3% in 2016. Then went down very low, to almost zero. Think of it. Almost zero. If you multiply that out, and this is with many, many more ballots pouring in. 48 out of 159 counties in georgia rejected no ballots at all. There were more absentee ballots in 2020 than ever before by far. But magically, far fewer ballots were rejected. This alone is more than enough to swing the election to us. This one thing. I'm going over individual. In all of the swing states. They will check this out and that is fine. You take a look at it. Officials egregiously violated state's laws and orders just to listen, facilitate, and promote cheating and theft on a scale never seen before. These crooked and incompetent officials suspended signature verification. I said I want you to go to fulton county to check the signatures, because hundreds of thousands of ballots came in. I want you to check the signature to see if it compares to somebody that lived there two, four, or six years ago. They don't want to do it. Your incompetent governor. They illegally flooded the states with absentee ballots. In a number of cases they would be gone for three days. No one has ever seen something like this. Stacey abrams took him to the cleaners. That drastically and illegally changed the state's election procedures. They never got the mandated approval from their state legislature, who by the way, you have to have some great people in your legislature. You have to buy law under the constitution, you just cannot do these deals and not get the approval. And your secretary of state or whoever it was made this horrible consent decree. Horrible. Which got rid of so much safety. It is a disgraceful thing. Local politicians and local judges, you can't do that. You have to have your state legislators do it. Tens of thousands of votes are missing. We go all over the world telling people how to run their elections and we don't even know to run ours. The most unhappy person right now anywhere in the United States is hillary clinton, because she is asking the Democrat party why the hell d idn't you do this for me? [chanting "lock her up"] why didn't you do it for meeee? [screaming "locko her up"] she's furious. I won michigan by 10,000 votes. We did much, much better. I won michigan from her by 10,000 votes. I mean, they could have done that one and not get caught. We caught 'em. And I say to people like mike lee that are here, I say, if they got approved and verified, they use the word verify, votes that are fraudulent, then we find out after, because it doesn't go that quickly, it is a lot of works and a lot of votes and a lot of people, and then we find out that there were frauds, like in one state where you had, let's say, you lost by 25,000 votes. They verify it and it is supposed to be the end. But shortly thereafter we found out we won the state by 250,000 votes. Does that mean that state plus others as up to being your President? I don't think it should. I do not think -- kelly feels it should. Marjorie feels it should. In wisconsin, over 90,000 ballots were illegally harvested. Can't do that. Not allowed to. Through so-called human drop boxes. And over 500 human illegal drop boxes were put out. In addition, over 170,000 absentee votes were counted that are blatantly illegal under wisconsin law, and should never have been included in the tally. By the way, I lost, it was razor thin. 170,000 votes. The margin in wisconsin is only 20,000 votes. So this issue alone would have won that state for us many times over. We were leaving at 10:00 in the evening by a lot. In pennsylvania, there were 205,000 more ballots cast than there were voters. How do you get around that one? Which remains completely unexplained. You have great senators and representatives there, and nobody can explain it. Think of that. And another places too, you had more ballots than you had voters. Think of it, you had more votes than you had voters. By a lot. In addition, Democrat state supreme court judges and Democrat secretary of state effectively abolished the signature verification process right here. They counted ballots cast after deadlines and they allowed ballots to be illegally fixed in democrat-controlled areas. And I say this because you cannot let this happen tomorrow. I hope all the politicians are listening. There is an unexplained 400,000 vote discrepancy between the number of mail-in ballots in pennsylvania sent out, reported on the number second, 2020, and the number reported on november 4. They cannot explain it. 400,000 previously unreported mail-in ballots magically ed. They cannot explain it. Almost on the just happened to find 400,000. That's a lotta people. Amazing. And the pennsylvania legislature is not happy. Pennsylvania also had an estimated 8000 dead voters. 55,000 ballots received back before there were even sent. How about that? The ballots were received but they were not sent yet. Oh, get 'em out vastly. Many more with no mail dates, and 14,000 ballots illegally cast by out-of-state voters. Those are numbers. And those are numbers we got from them, so they cannot say the numbers are not so good. In clark county, nevada, over 130,000 ballots -- just so you know, all these numbers, these are far more than we need. Were processed on machines where the signature matching threshold was intentionally lowered to a level you could sign your name santa claus and it would not pick it up. Didn't pick up anything. More than 42,000 people in nevada double voted. That's more than we needed by far. In arizona, more than 36,000 votes were cast by noncitizens, and there were 11,000 more ballots than there were voters. Seems to be a trait, doesn't it? This was like at the super bowl where you have 15 cameras and is a camera number four, you are on. Camera number three, you are on. In michigan, over 35,000 ballots listed no address. Over 13 ballots were cast by nonresidents. And an estimated 17,000 ballots were cast by dead people. Some dead people, by the way, also requested an application. True. Those are the ones that really bother me. They not only vote, but they request an application. That's a double. In addition, there's the highly troubling matter of dominion voting machines. [booing] and I want you to watch this very carefully tomorrow, everybody. You have to watch this carefully. None read you from a letter from georgia state senator, william look on. You know who he is, right? Highly respected guy. Dear mr. President, as chairman of the senate judiciary committee, I request that you immediately sent an outside team of cyber experts to investigate potential hacking and other irregularities associated with dominion voting systems, scanners, ballot marking devices, ballots, polling pens used in the 2020 General election in georgia. You don't hear this from your secretary of state, and you don't hear this from your governor. And you do have a great legislature, I have to tell you, but the governor will not let them hold the session to decertify. On december 30, 2020, the committee held a hearing investigating potential fraud and other irregularities during georgia's 2020 General election. The committee first unanimously approved a report dated december 17, 2020, discussing a myriad of voting irregularities and potential fraud in georgia's 2020 General election discussed in an earlier hearing held on december 3. Notably the committee stated in the executive summary that the november 3, 2020 General election was a arctic and reported read -- was chaotic and reported results much viewed as untrustworthy. They are untrustworthy, despite the line of crap that you hear from these people who represent you. I don't know where they come from. The committee then heard, and this is from one of your most highly respected political representatives, the committee then heard additional testimony concerning voter irregularities during the 2020 General election, including testimony, and in real-time tests demonstrating serious irregularities with dominion's voting machines. Three events discussed at this hearing stand out and require a forensic order of the dominion voting machines in georgia to be immediately conducted. The governor will not let us do it. We've been asking him now since november 4, the day after the election. He won't let us do it. Why won't he let us do it? There's only one reason I can think of. First the dominion machines employed in fulton county, that is the home of safety, had an astounding 93. 67 error rate. 93! In the scanning of ballots requiring a review panel to adjudicate or determine the voter's intent. So they are going to a voter intent. What did the voter mean by this vote? Somebody votes for trump. You know, I think that voting meant something else. Just switch it around. They are trying to determine the voter's intent in over 106,000 ballots out of a total of 113,000 ballots. This is from your representative, highly respected. The national average for such an error rate is far less than 1. 2%. So that was 93%. The source of this astronomical error rate must be identified to determine if these machines were set up, or designated to allow for third-party to disregard the actual ballot cast by the registered voter. This is what I have. Look at this crowd we have here. Biden came here, he had nobody. [cheers and applause] gallup, you know the gallup r poll, I do not say this bragging leak. The most admired man in the world. I don't say it. So I came in first. Obama came in second. And biden came in way low. Then I say, and they say, and people have said, how is it possible that a guy who got 80 million votes cannot get any votes for the most admired man? You know why because he did not come in first, that's why. None again, from this very respected political leader, second, there's clear evidence that tens of thousands of votes were switched from President trump to former Vice President biden in several counties throughout georgia. For example, in bid county, anybody lived in bibb county? B-i-b-b. President is reported to have had 23,000 votes at 9:11 p. m. , while joe biden had 17,218. Minutes later, the vote numbers switched, with President trump now having 17,00 and biden now having 29,391. [booing] that was a switch of over 12,000 votes. It was like a miracle. Then during this hearing, a presenter demonstrated a dominion poll could be hacked into in real-time, because it was connected to the internet. None anything connected to the internet, that is not good. But this demonstration proved that these machines could allow votes to be siphoned off, or added during the voting process, because they are connected to the internet. Cyber security experts agree that voting machines should not be connected to the internet at any time, in any way, shape, or form. Did you see that during the hearing? This guy is sitting there, well, can you connect into the machines? Yes. How do you do that? Within about 25 seconds, he controlled the internet. Former Vice President biden led georgia by only 11,779 votes. Every one of the things I told you about is more votes than what I am talking about. The crime that was committed in this state is immeasurable. And immediate -- an immediate forensic audit of appropriate sampling of dominion's voting machines and related equipment is critical to determine the luggable -- level of fraudulent ballots counted in georgia during the 2020 General election and during tomorrow's race. You've gotta be very careful. And let me also quickly read a letter from Mark fincham, chairman of the arizona house, a very respected man, federal relations committee. Dear mr. President, subsequent to the election, members of the legislature were inundated of complaints from constituents relating to the intensity of the General election and the integrity, more important than anything else, and the accuracy of canvas results. In many instances, constituents reported that their early or in person ballots may not have been correctly tagged related in Michael for county officials. Members of the legislature have conducted two public hearings in recent weeks, during which significant evidence of illegal voting in arizona has been demonstrated. Through expert and eyewitness testimony. For example, in pima county and miacopa county, it appears 143,000 illegal votes were actually injected into the ballot system. Think of that. No, but think of this. Also, the press will not report this. They are probably turning this off. They don't like this. They don't want to talk about numbers. They talk about my phone call. They don't talk about my phone call. I loved my phone call. No one knew the numbers were so egregious. An expert mathematician concluded the only explanation for the actual voter measles in arizona is that 100% -- think of this, 130% of Democrats voted for candidate biden. And a they -30% voted for President trump. Think about that. In order to get those numbers, 130% of the voters, that's a little tough to get. Okay? Had to vote for him -30 had to vote for me. Nobody has 100% voting. For all these people who think it is too late, does that mean that we are forced to approve a fraudulent election or an election with massive irregularities? I don't think so. I don't think so. None thank those two great political leaders. We have many other letters just like that, same thing. Hundreds of thousands of votes are missing. The only way to combat the Democrat fraud is to flood your polling places with a historic tidal wave republican voters tomorrow. Because at a certain point, the machines are going to explode. They almost did with me. Unfortunately they did not quite get there, but we'll figure that out. I just want mike lee to listen to this when I am talking. Because you know what? We need his vote. This election is your chance to stand up to the corrupt Democrat machine and show them that the American people are still in charge. [cheers and applause] with your help, over the last four years we built the greatest political movement in history of our country. There has never been anything like this. Kelly, when did I say we will do this, two days ago, three days ago? Look at this. We love you all for being here. We really do. We love you all. But there's never been a movement like this. I say it all the time. And the politicians, the lamestream media as I call them affectionately, if that were true they would say that is wrong. There has never been a movement like this. You have people that won one state and they become world famous the rest of their lives. You have people who came in second in new hampshire. We won everything. And we won it now a second time. Hate to bor you with that expressione. I really want to win it the second time. Somebody came up to me today and they said, sir, you're way up in four years. Nobody can come close to you. I am not interested in four years. I am interested in eight weeks ago. Four years. Four years ias a long time. It is actually two and two. We'll take back the house and the cabinet. Marjorie, we'll bring back the house. We'll bring back the house. [chanting "four more years"] now, if we didn't win, I would be upset. Of course if we didn't win, you probably would not want me. Big difference between losing and winning, and having it stolen. No, but they talk about for years, sir, nobody can come close. I say no. We go this way first, and I think we are going to do it. I really believe. Because there is no way we could have won every single state. This is not one state. This is one of money. We won every state. This guy can't speak. He can't talk. Already we have received more than anyone thought possible, and we are just getting started. And honestly, it is you, it is amazing. I do not even know why the hell I say, let's have a rally. And thousands and thousands of people. [cheers and applause] honestly, I will go out on the extreme. There has never been anything like this in the history of our country. And the election is over, the presidential election, and we have a big one tomorrow. But there's never been anything like this in the history of our country. Our economy is coming back, it is roaring back. Our stock market is at an all-time high. Who would have thought that? We are rounding the turn, because of what we did with the vaccine. Nobody else would have done it. It would have taken so long. The economy boomed at 33. 4% last quarter. That is the fastest rate ever recorded. And we are talking about pandemic. During a pandemic. We have already slashed the on employment rate in half. And for decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars, and defending foreign borders. You know, we are bringing many of our great troops home. I hate to say it, but gottaa do it. We've been in afghanistan for 19 years. I think that's enough. That's enough. Very few left. Very proud. Nothing worse than going to dover and meeting the parents of our great warriors that have fallen. Our great warriors coming home. So badly wounded or dead. In countries that many of you have never even heard of. So we bring our soldiers home. We have been incredible warriors. We can beat anybody. Nobody has arc equipment. Nobody has our military. Nobody has our people. But we are not over there to be policeman. We are not over there to be policing. They are warriors, they are fighters, and that is what we want them for. That is what we have to have them for. But we brought a lot of them home. We are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back to the usa where they belong. [cheers and applause] but everything that we have achieved together is on the line tomorrow. Our fight to take back our country from the big donors, the big media, and the horrendous big tech giants that our politicians, not these two politicians, are afraid to attack. Section 230, we have to get rid of section 230. Or you are not going to have a country very long. Taking away all your rights. If you want to send a message to the powerful forces that are trying to control your country, you must get out and vote tomorrow for David perdue and kelly loeffler. With your help, we are going to continue our mission to save America. And we are going to continue our mission of America first. It is very simple. Each of us here tonight is united by the same core vision and the same timeless American values. We love our country. Together, we believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy are the center of American life. We will defend the right to life, religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, which they want to take away from you. [cheers and applause] and we will always support the heroes of law enforcement. We will maintain america's unrivaled military might, and we will preserve peace through strength. You know, when I first got elected and before I got elected, 2015, 2016, before they were in debate and everyone said, oh, he is going to cause wars. I think I am the only President in many decades that didn't get into a war. What? [cheers and applause] remember North Korea was going to be a tremendous nuclear fight and all this. What happened with that? I got along very well the kim jong-un. I do not think joe is going to based on what I heard, but I got along very well with him. People say whatever happened with North Korea? We got along well. But they all set with my personality I will be in a big war very soon, within the first two weeks. What happened? They don't want to mess with us either. David and kelly will protect social security and medicare and they will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. [cheers and applause] we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live the words of our national motto, in God we trust. They don't say that anymore. [cheers and applause] from atlanta to augustine to savannah to columbus, from athens. And I want to say hello to herschel walker. He made a lot of quarterbacks look very good. We love herschel. To right here in dalton, we inherit legacy of generations of American patriots who give their blood, sweat and tears to defend our country and to defend our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, sailed the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, and won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made American into the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come. [cheers and applause] and proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. Our fight to drain the washington swamp and reclaim america's destiny and dignity has only just begun. We will not bend, we will not break, we will not yield. We will never give in, we will never give up, we will never back down, we will never, ever, surrender. [cheers and applause] because we are america, and we are from georgia. And our hearts bleeds red, white, and blue. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of georgia, we have made America powerful again. Our military. We have made America wealthy again. Our stock market. We have made America strong again. Look at that arm. We have made America proud again. We are proud of our country. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Go get 'em David. Go get 'em kelly. Go get 'em. Tomorrow.