ID: CSPANDT20520196
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Montoursville, Pennsylvania
Date: 2019-05-20

there has been a lot of consolidation in the media industry. What is interesting contrast with diversity and the concentration of ownership. That's an interesting contrast.

That issue is the biggest implication as for regional and local news channels. That have been taken over by these corporate entities and the resources have been stripped away. Talk about these areas that don't have access to information or it's hard to get access to journalism at any other level.

And that is the concern. Because information is important with the foundation of democracy. So that is something we should think about ways to ensure (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) . Hello pennsylvania.

[cheers and applause] I am thrilled to be back in the state that gave us American independence. You know, that American steel which is now coming back by the way like never before and generations of American patriots. Thank you very much. [applause] this is an incredible time for our country the unemployment rate in pennsylvania has just reached an all-time historic low. [cheers and applause] that is a pretty good statistic. Somebody will come and say they will do it in the history of the country somebody that's actually got it all done that is hard to beat with the last administration's eight year war on pennsylvania energy unleashing clean coal and American is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world.

[cheers and applause] man, this is a lot of people. [cheers and applause] I think next time we will have to get a bigger hanger. [laughter] four more years. [chanting] four more years. [chanting] four more years. Thank you.

Thank you. The sun is in my eyes what are they doing? Is there any way they can turn those lights down?

Thank you. We like the sun better than the artificial. Crime is going way down and the military is more powerful right now than ever before. [cheers and applause] and when we took over two and half years ago the military was depleted.

The equipment was old, the planes were old, of course, beautiful fighter jets every day. Our spirits is strong. Our stride is back and we are finally putting America first like I said.

[cheers and applause] after years building up foreign countries and building up our countries. We have the hottest economy anywhere in the world, the United States added 263,000 jobs just last month. Far exceeding any expectations. [cheers and applause] and since the election, we have created nearly 6 million new jobs.

If I ever would have said that to the fake news media look at them back there. That's a lot of people that looks like the academy awards before they decided to go political but half a million brand-new manufacturing jobs which the previous administration said would never happen. Would never happen.

It would not have happened. Right here in pennsylvania 155,000 new jobs including 20000 new construction jobs. Nobody thought that was possible. [cheers and applause] more than 5 million americans have been lifted off of food stamps. [applause] we are getting americans off of welfare and back into the workforce and it is happening by the thousands and thousands and thousands.

[applause] 1million people have been lifted out of poverty and the poverty rate for african americans has reached the lowest level ever recorded the hispanic americans african-americans and asian americans the unemployment rate has reached an all-time historic low. Those debates should be very easy when we meet whoever we will meet. May be. Who knows? It is a crazy world but the best employment numbers in history. The best unemployment numbers in history.

The best economy probably we have ever had. I don't know. How the hell do you lose the selection? And - - election? That is just the beginning joining us tonight our pennsylvania Republican leaders at the forefront of the revival including members of Congress. Congressman thompson.

[applause] scott perry and don moos are they having great they had been warriors. Also tom marino. Where are they? Hello fellows.

Great people. Also pennsylvania g.o.p. Chair valda giorgio. Thank you. As you know, there is a crucial election and that's why I am here. I am here to see you but I will be seeing a lot of you over the next year.

We've got to win this thing. Remember those state polls that they put out? They call them suppression poles pennsylvania will go to hillary clinton but unfortunately for them it did not go out that way.

[booing] lock her up. [chanting] lock her up. [chanting] lock her up. [chanting] . Do you remember that night?

1 percent left and if I lost every single vote I would win. They would not do it. It got later and later then they announced michigan wisconsin we won then they finally announced we won the great state of pennsylvania. [cheers and applause] they had a hard time with that one.

That we have a big race tomorrow. Raise your right hand. You will go vote?

And you know, who you are voting for. We have a great gentleman and very successful from the congressional district a Democrat running for the seat is a radical socialist the democratic candidate once you open your borders with the worst laws the wall is being built as we speak. [cheers and applause] 500 miles of wall.

By the end of next year. [chanting] build the wall. [chanting] build the wall. [chanting] . Get him up here.

Get him up here. We know who he is voting for. Thank you very much. He said I am from san diego and we need that wall. It is going up and now it's up and here is what they did in california, they wanted the wall so badly and so I did it. I did it.

Now it is beautiful. People are not coming in. In san diego. Now they say we didn't want the wall in the first place.

They wanted it desperately. They were being flooded with illegal immigrants. Now they don't have that it is a terrible situation. Because we went somehow we always find a way to win.

It would be good if we sat down for 15 minutes we could put the border up so perfectly but the judges are so against us it is incredible. But we will win and we are winning now. You know, the word raise taxes? Does anybody want to raise your taxes? They say we want to raise your taxes and shutdown energy. They want to destroy your second amendment.

[booing] the Republican candidate who is a winner. I can do other things tonight. I like you.

I like this state. It is a monday. We have an election tomorrow who wants to sit around and do nothing on a monday night? [applause] by the way the first lady sends her regards. [applause] she campaigned here. She is doing a great job right before the election.

But a special man is a successful businessman, he believes in protecting the border, defending our second amendment, he will not let anything happen and do you know, what? Your taxes will go up they are talking about 75 percent right we have it down to businesses are back down at 21 percent from essentially over 40 percent. Frank keller is a tough man.

Tough on crime. He loves our military. He loves our police. And he will always protect patients and I say it so strongly because the fake news does not want to say it. We will always protect pre-existing conditions.

[applause] by the way we got rid of the individual mandate which was the worst part of obama care and almost had it repealed and replaced but one man after campaigning for eight years decided to go thumbs down at 2:00 in the morning. [booing] that's okay we will end up with even better. Sometimes when you have adversity it works out better. But you have to get out tomorrow. The 12th district he will be a great congressman.

[cheers and applause] [chanting] . Mister President Welcome to central pennsylvania. [cheers and applause] thank you for coming tonight with your support with a hard working people of the 12th congressional district. [applause] the people of pennsylvania have been behind use and stay number one and mister President Our support for you is as strong today as it ever was. In 2015 pennsylvania put donald trump over the top.

[cheers and applause] and in 2020 we will do it again. [applause] [chanting] usa. [chanting] usa. [chanting] .

Mister President Our economy is booming. [applause] more people are working. Wages are rising. And again America is respected across the globe. [cheers and applause] pennsylvania, do we want four more years?

[applause] we do, mister president. We are making America great again. [cheers and applause] I am running for Congress to help President Trump take care of our vets. [applause] , make the middle-class tax cuts permanent. [applause] and build the wall.

[cheers and applause] and make sure that everything we do we always make sure America's workers and families come first. [cheers and applause] to help nancy pelosi and the washington liberals and to help them pass the green new deal. [booing] take away your health care.

[booing] and obstruct what our President Is doing. [booing] but the stakes could not be higher. This election we will elect donald trump President Again in 2020. [applause] and this election begins tomorrow. It begins tomorrow with this election right here in pennsylvania's 12th congressional district. Folks, there could not be more at stake.

Talk to your friends, family, and neighbors and tell them if they want to help President Trump make America great, they need to get out tomorrow and vote to send me to Congress. [cheers and applause] thank you. God bless you.

God bless our president. God bless the United States of America. [cheers and applause] . Go get them.

[chanting] get out tomorrow it is a little bit of a referendum people are watching the race. Who cares we have fred. We have to get him in there tomorrow if he wins they will not report it if he loses the greatest story in the history of our country.

We don't want that. They will make it into the single greatest event our country has ever seen. When we campaigned for people and in a lot of cases and we also won the Senate that you would not believe that we picked up two additional seats. Remember?

With a campaign with 32 major stops in a short period of time. And then make two more on the final day of a runoff. Cindy smith did great that was a runoff but that was a lot of work. We won the Senate. No praise. No acclamation.

Nothing. But our friend fred a lot of people are watching. A lot of newsmakers are watching and they will be reporting. But you've got to make sure he wins. Please.

Do you know, what they will say? President trump came to pennsylvania and he went back home. A loser.

I never want to be called a loser. We, we ran one time we are one and zero. Now we will have a second time. Another one. And that will drive them crazy. And maybe if we really like it a lot and if things keep going like they are going we will do what we have to do and a three and a four or a five.

No, I don't want to say that. [laughter] now we have another one. It will be great and one of the things we are talking about the greatest political slogan of all time is what you have on your head.

Make America a great. [cheers and applause] but now the military is so powerful, taking on countries that Democrat and Republican did not do anything about. Frankly a lot of people are great but they don't understand how they got away with it. We have to make a decision soon.

Do we keep our logo and our slogan make America great again or it's very risky to change the most successful logan - - logo. They think it's one of the greatest elections of all time now we take the slogan or the logo and possibly changing it. One hundred to all time high stock markets. Just about the best unemployment in history including the absolute best for african-American and asians and hispanics.

All these records we are setting everything is good. Do we make it make America great again or do we make it keep America great? Look, you know, this. You have some socialist wackos that want to double and triple your taxes. They want to knock down all buildings in manhattan and rebuild them without windows. You know, about that?

I used to love the view but now we will be forced to close the window. Do we want keep America great? [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause] now.

It is very hard to leave something that was so successful I have had people say even though it is not spot on because in theory we have made America great again we certainly will by the time of the election but if you look at the numbers it's hard to take in expression and change it. Let me have it for make America great again. [cheers and applause] keep America great. [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause] . You understand what I am saying?

I have had that response from others. Like to do poles. I hate to say it this is cheaper but better than anyone that you could get.

They interview 103 people I got thousands tonight. I think we will have to consider that. Either way it will be great with a great campaign and in fact, we have made America great again. We have brought it back. Our country is respected again.

Talk to japan, no matter where you go, European nations, nations, European union is an example. They badly mistreated us for many years. Do we need a doctor? We need a doctor please. Do we have a doctor? A doctor in the House?

Please. Thank you doctor. Someone the people in the front row has been here for two days. I don't blame them. They had been waiting in line for two days.

Thank you. Take your time doctor. Take your time. Those are our friends right there.

Take your time. [applause] . We love you too. [applause] even with that powerful man's voice.

I love that guy. I think I'm in love we love trump. [chanting] we love trump. [chanting] we love trump. [chanting] . Under my administration with those failed trade policies that hurt pennsylvania middle-class.

You know, that better than anybody what they did to pennsylvania in particular ohio ohio, some of the states in particular frankly north carolina what they did was disgraceful to the workers. Packed up your businesses moving them to other countries selling back the product with no taxes and we lost revenue, no tariffs, nobody even apologized except for me we said we would turn it around. Now companies are pouring back into our country to be where the action is.

Including the auto companies. [applause] in the eight years before my election the United States lost a quarter of a million manufacturing jobs. But the great betrayal of the American worker and did on day number one the day I took office. You know, that better than anyone.

The forgotten men and women of America will never be forgotten again. They are looking for you. Who the hell were all these people and where did they come from?

They are the deplorable's. [cheers and applause] I watched her speech. She actually said deplorable's and didn't she say irredeemable's? To show you how good I am politically I said that's killer but it turned out to be deplorable is the one that caught on I would say irredeemable is worse than deplorable. But they believe in both. Not only her but the Democrat.

Upon my inauguration I inherited one of the worst trade deals ever negotiated and ready to be put into action transpacific partnership and it would have destroyed the state of pennsylvania. The tpp with a lobbyist and donors and special interest in foreign countries that have made a fortune hurting the American worker. The tpp would be a catastrophe for the people of scranton one - - scranton and allentown and pittsburgh. I proudly withdrew the United States from further negotiations in my first week on that job killing disaster which by the way would have destroyed businesses. Just like nafta. Just like nafta was such a disaster.

No wonder where joe biden announced he is running for president, by the way. [booing] we have thousands of people. I am not even announcing today paraguay will wait a couple of weeks for go look at the thousands and thousands of people we have they said he had 600 people.

I say 150. But he announced he is running for President Because four leaders called him up and begged him to do it. Foreign countries liked it much better. They want biden so China can continue to make $500 billion a year and more ripping off the United States. [booing] looking at what these countries have made we lost on trade $800 billion on average for many years. 800million is a lot a hundred billion is not even conceivable and we didn't do anything about it.

Not only President Obama but others it is a shame but we are straining it out. Not easy because we have assaults from within that we strengthen it out one - - straighten it out soon we are taking in $100 billion in tariffs remember they subsidize their product people are moving from China to go to areas we will build places in pennsylvania like the old, remember the old days? We actually made her own products very expensive for China. They are not happy.

It's okay. It will work out. Foreign countries like does better when they can push us around, rip us off, make us pay for the privilege to hand over our jobs and our wealth. Eight long years ago, if you remember I said it's really bad and we are never going back. The previous administration what they did to our country , they should be ashamed of themselves. [applause] but joe said he is running to save the world and save every country but ours.

And he said one week ago China is not a competitor. China is not a competitor. Look, what they have done to us is indescribable economically. We have rebuilt China and I don't blame China. I don't blame President Xi.

We allow that to happen. Our leaders allow that to happen. Well it's not happening anymore.

I ran and we have saved America. We made America great again. And we are going to keep America great. [cheers and applause] and if you don't mind we will take a little bit of money out of that $100 billion we are saving and we will take a little bit of money.

Okay. Doctor berkowitz the same doctor. Get the same doctor. He was great.

Are you okay? Take your time. Take your time. I love these people. Take your time. Let's go.

Make sure she is okay. Make sure. Take your time.

The truth is there is a lot of excitement at these rallies. They wait a long time. I am excited.

[applause] a lot of excitement. A lot of energy. We have a lot of low energy people out there. But they are vicious. Thank you. No more spying on trump.

[applause] I think they learned that did not work out too well. I think they learned that did not work out too well. He did a good job. Where is don junior? They like the job that you did. [applause] are you okay?

Thank you very much. So the very same establishment that sacrificed our prosperity and weakened hour military and tied us down to endless wars that never ended. They never ended.

You saw what we did to the caliphate. These people are stone cold crazy. You never want to say that you win because they kill people but they are totally crazy.

100 percent of the caliphate and then to bring our people back home and now to really - - relive all over again those failures like you would not believe. One of the worst disasters from our former leaders was the disaster of small buildings in pennsylvania and new england are empty. Even to this day some were converted to nursing homes are taken over but now replacing them with brand-new beautiful buildings. Like never ever before. Nearly two decades ago the same politicians who wanted to admit China into the wto is a disaster. Since then we have lost 60000 factories.

Here is the good news. But they are coming back. But so many have come back. But it has to be a mistake because if I was off by one factory they would have said he made a mistake.

And then to plunder the United States economy and now we are finally responding to years of chronic trade abuses by defending our workers with tariffs and anything else that is necessary. Nobody will steal our businesses or close our factories. Nobody will close our plans anymore. They are all coming back. [cheers and applause] anyone that doesn't want to pay the tariff. Then bring your factories back to pennsylvania.

If you want to be anywhere you should not have left in the first place. Stupid policy and taxes force you out. Now, just this month the United States steel announced it will invest more than $1 billion to completely transform and make new [inaudible] , do you know that? Do know what that is? It's in pittsburgh, does anyone know?

It's near pittsburgh is sending over $1 million, thousands of jobs in the newest and finest equipment in the world that will make a steel again in our country and they have not been building new plants for decades and together we are putting pennsylvania steel back into these fine people of America. As we defend our jobs were also defending our borders and it is tough, as I said, no betrayal of American workers has been worse than the democratic party's pursuit of open borders. They want everyone to come in and coming up by the thousands and I will tell you what, our border patrol, law enforcement I.c.e.

And apprehending 34, 50000 people at times just in short periods of times. If you don't release them they arrest you. They arrest people working in lawn for smith and it's a disgrace. Democrat backed policies have left our borders overrun are detention facilities overwhelmed as fast as we build them they fill up and our hospitals, schools and public resources overburdened in our country is full and we do not want people coming up here in our country is full. We want mexico to stop. We want all of them to stop.

Our countries is packed to the gills and we don't want them coming up. [cheering and applause] Democrat claim to take air of the poor and that's what they want to do but it is not happening that way. The poor are being hurt, middle income are being hurt and we would lose our businesses and we would lose everything if we go with the people that you see that our running for office. You saw that in last night I watched alfred e newman , [laughter] what is going on with fox? What is going on in their?

Putting more Democrat on then you have Republican and it's something strange is going on something very strange. Did you see the sky last night? You always have to watch the competition if you call it that. He was knocking the hell out of fox and if someone will have to display the fox deal to me. Democrat even want to give welfare and free healthcare to anyone who crosses our border and they want free healthcare, free education, free anything. [crowd boos] Republican believe we should take care of our own people, our citizens.

We have no choice. That is why we don't want them to come. That is why my administration is published a new rule to ensure our limited supply of public housing is safeguarded for low income americans, not for illegal aliens, who are fighting to get it.

[applause] we will soon take further action to ensure the federal benefits are preserved for hard-working citizens who need them the most we are also outlining historic pro- American immigration reform and I must tell you some of it will not happen unless you vote for Republican in the upcoming election and I will tell you it's not very far away and you will have great immigration laws. And to remember even three, four and there's no emergency at the border but now everyone is admitting, I agree there's an emergency I've been saying that for two years and the choice is simple and Republican policies protect u.s. Workers and Democrat policies protect smugglers and traffickers and even criminal aliens. Drug dealers like you've never seen the drugs were capturing them and we don't let them go. We capture them and we do it very sadly it's almost like routine but you have drug dealers coming into our country and making our people sick and we are capturing and just one example of things very city of philadelphia they deleted up illegal alien after it was released criminal alien raped a young child for law-abiding americans and we always stand with the heroes of I.c.e. And border patrol and law enforcement and our police have been incredible we want to them to because I will tell you what, either way the way they are working and I hope the cameras get to see this and usually they will show for people behind me and people will say what the large crowd and you can tell that they can tell by the cheering.

You know, sounds like a big football and. [cheering and applause] they don't like to show the crowd and I'll have to tell them it's really good for television to show the ground and there is three or four people that will be famous tomorrow they have lousy seats night and the issue of the Democrat party has never been further outside from the mainstream they've gone nuts more than in 20 Democrat in Congress have signed up for bernie sanders total government takeover of healthcare. Tell me, many of you have phenomenal healthcare and private healthcare and hundred 80 million people want to take away from you and want to take away your healthcare and health insurance and take it away. Immigrants are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortions, killing your second amendment and radical socialism. [crowd boos] the Republican party is the party that American ones.

We are the party of the American worker and the party of the American family and we are the party of the American dream. With every day we make good on our motto promises made, promises kept and we kept more promises and you take a look at what we've done between regulation and taxes and write to try and do you know what right to try is? You don't want to be there but now we can give them the benefit of the great research we have the best in the world and a lot of great things a lot of great things happening with right to try. We passed the largest package of tax cuts in the history of our country and we eliminated 30000 pages of job killing regulations from the federal register and that's an all-time record. I went through the United States and thought I would be hit harder on this one and I wasn't.

From the past administrations jobs killing paris climate accord which would have cost a fortune and would have heard our country horribly. We will never allow foreign bureaucrats and countries to trample on our sovereignty or to shut down our jobs which is what that would have done. Every Democrat wants to open by completing the call and by crippling your now once again great steel industry, your steel industry is great. If you want American energy you have to go . And brett cavanagh.

Two great justices. [applause] they are great. We launched a historic initiative to reduce the price of prescription drugs and last year for the first time in 51 years, drug prices went down. The first time in 51 years. We will bring that way down we passed the veterans choice and accountability to give them the care and choice that they deserve for 45 years.

Record-setting investments in the United States including more than $70 million to build submarine propellers at the naval shipyard in a place called philadelphia. [cheers and applause] and to protect America security I withdrew the United States from the horrible Iran nuclear deal. [cheers and applause] a doctor? Doctor. Thank you doctor.

Take your time again. We have all night. [applause] I don't know what this does to television but that is okay. How is she doing? Okay?

Take your time. Take your time doctor. I think that's why people are going down. It is these crazy lights. They are bright how is it going?

Good? Good. [cheering and applause] she's good.

We take care of our people. We have great people and I recognize the capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem in just a few weeks ago the United States acknowledged over the golan heights sovereignty with israel. We stand with the people of venezuela, cuba, nicaragua in their righteous struggle to be free so, each of us here tonight is united by the same timeless values and we support the rule of law and the incredible men and women of law enforcement, thank you all. Lots of them here today. We need to protect, cherish and defend the constitution of the United States. [cheering and applause] we reject the ideology of globalism and we embrace the doctrine of patriotism and the doctrine that we love, our country.

We love our country. We love the usa. We believe in strong borders, strong families and strong national defense. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life we believe in religious liberty, the right to free speech and the right to keep and bear arms.

[cheering and applause] we believe that children should be taught to love our country, to be proud of our history and to always respect our rate American flag. [cheering and applause] we believe in the words of our national motto, in God we trust. These are the traditions, the customs and principles that bind us together as neighbors, as citizens, as americans and these are the values that unite people all across this magnificent state of pennsylvania where, by the way, I went to school and went to school in pennsylvania.

[cheering and applause] these are the reasons I need you to get out and vote tomorrow for fred keller, got to get out. Big showing. We've got to win tomorrow, fred. Fred will be working all night, all day and fred keller tomorrow folks. Remind each other, call each other and get out and vote and can't take a chance and he will win.

You join our movement because he rejected the failures of the trails and stare down a corrupt system that enriches itself at your expense and you look at what we just went through with this phony deal, this phony witchhunt that we all went through together and it's a disgrace. [crowd boos] now they are all blaming each other, do you see? They're all turning on each other. It's his fault. No, it's his fault.

Now, we cut them. They were spine on our campaign and I will tell you why. If that ever happened to the other side this would have been over two years ago and it would have been treason and called it treason and that's what it is. It was treason and should never be allowed to happen to another President Again, ever, ever, ever. You reclaim your destiny and defended your dignity and take back your country. We have a great new attorney General Who will give it a very there.

You've always been loyal to this nation and you finally have a President Who is loyal to you. It's taken a long time. [cheering and applause] your dreams are my dreams and your hopes are my hopes and your future is what I'm fighting for each and every day I'm fighting and I had such an easy life. People say I had such an easy life so who the hell you it would be this difficult but I love it. Do you know why I love it?

Even though we had artificial obstacles put in our path and even though we had phony russian hoaxes and witchhunts and people that hate trump and hate you, angry Democrat all after us with all of it and they still have little embers burning and going crazy because when the mueller report was finished it said no collusion and they went crazy. Do you know what? They knew it.

It's all a game. It's not like they did not know. They knew there was no collusion. Everyone from shift to nadler to schumer to pelosi they all knew there was no collusion.

[crowd boos] I come to the great state of pennsylvania and I say I need help and let me see Russia and let's call it Russia. It's the greatest hope ever perpetrated on this country and from now until november 3, 2020 we are going to keep on working and going to keep on fighting and we will go to keep on winning. That's what we are doing. With every last ounce of heart and hope and sweat and soul we are going to make our stand and it's a tough stand in a beautiful stand we will stand for liberty and we will stand for justice and we will stand for faith, family and freedom and we will stand for the sacred rights given to us by the hand of almighty God. [cheering and applause] we are one united movement and one united people and one United States of America.

Together we are the proud people of pennsylvania, great state, beautiful state, tough state, people are tough and strong and smart. I know them well. Don't forget biden deserted you.

He's not from pennsylvania. I guess he was born here but left you, folks. He left you for another state. Remember that, please. I meant to say that. This guy talks about I know it's clinton and he left you for another state and did not take care of you because he did not take your of your jobs.

He let other countries come in and rip off America. That does not happen anymore because we will make America wealthy again and we will make America strong again we will make America safe again and we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you very much.

[cheering and applause] (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) President Trump making his first visit to pennsylvania this year a state he won in 2016 by less than 1%. The President Is near williamsport ahead of tomorrow's special election in the area and in pennsylvania 12th congressional district and to fill the seat vacated by Republican tom marino who resigned in january. Running for the open seat are Republican fred keller and Democrat mark friedberg, according to a poll released last week former Vice president Joe biden leads President Trump in the state 53-42%. President trump to back in the white House later tonight.