ID: CSPANDT1012201926
Title: President Trump Campaign Event in Hershey, Pennsylvania
Date: 2019-12-10

will thank you Vice president Pans, thank you mike, and hello pennsylvania. Hello. It's great to be back in the states that gave us the liberty bell, pennsylvania steele, hershey chocolate, I like hershey chocolate. [applause] the lions, you know they are doing pretty well too.

And the incredible American patriots just like you, you are patriots thank you very much, thank you. Under Republican leadership, America is stronger than ever before and we are respected again. [applause] last month you saw it, we smashed expectations with another 266,000 jobs and unemployment is down more than a 50 year low, we have never seen what's going on with different groups, unemployment is at a position we've never had anything like this. You are so lucky I became your president. [applause] I'm only kidding. I have to say I'm kidding because the fake news back there will take that.

[booing] they'll take that statement and they will blow it up, and they'll say he said they were lucky to have him as president, what a horrible thing to say. Because they are fake. Anyway, anyway, here in pennsylvania you have the single best year that you've ever had in the history of our country. Not bad.

[applause] the pennsylvania unemployment rate has reached an all-time record low. [applause] and I hate to tell you this, you know when I was campaigning three and half years ago, I would come here, you weren't doing so well folks. You weren't doing so well. Wages were way down, unemployment was way up, wasn't a pretty picture.

Just a few months ago I visited the new shell chemical plants in beaver county at $60 billion that's with the b, $6 billion it is the largest investment in pennsylvania history. [applause] we are ending decades of failed trade policies that devastated communities all across the state. For generations American manufacturing was the bedrock of your economy. The bedrock. Remember last administration you needed a magic wand and it would never come back. We found the magic wand didn't we?

[applause] then came the nafta, I called the nafta disaster one of the worst trade deals in the history of any country. And the lost and one in three manufacturing jobs. Your politicians always pledge to fixed it, they talked about it for years and years and decades, but they were never able to do it. They came and they went to washington and they did nothing. But unlike those politicians, I keep my promises. [applause] and I love pennsylvania, you know I went to school in pennsylvania, you know.

I know it well. And I am thrilled to report that we are at the verge of ending the nafta catastrophe once and for all. Congress will soon vote on my new trade deal, the u.s., mexico, canada agreement or u.s. Mca.

After years of waiting, many, many years, many, many decades, they have been looking for this to me get it done and we've been waiting a long time. And nancy pelosi to announce u.s. Mca and she did it on the same day that they announced that they are going to miles per hour. [booing] the 45th President Of the United States and your favorite president. [applause] and the reason they announced it on the same day, one hour later, they announced impeachment with a few guys standing behind her. They announced impeachment, then an hour later she announced that she is going to do usmca.

Because you know why, it's a huge deal and it plays out impeachment because they are embarrassed by the impeachment. And our poll numbers have gone through the roof because of her stupid impeachment. [applause] and think of it this way also, the silverlining of impeachment and this witchhunt, that's the reason they approved usmca, so that's okay with me. Because they approved it and they are very happy to have it.

But honestly it's an incredible deal for our country. It took too long, it waited in Congress for too long of a time. It's an incredible deal and replacing the worst, nafta. We have also just reached a deal with Congress to invest a record $738 billion more into our great military. [applause] when I took office, I will tell you I became president, think of it almost three years ago. Was not the most exciting night ever?

[applause] you know, I am just watching these people, that was one of the greatest things in the history of televisions from a rating standpoint, from an exciting standpoint, what in the hell would they not do without me and you. [applause] you know, about a month before I ran, I picked up a new york times and it was like a leaf let you out at the grocery store. And now it is thick. They have all of their reporters covering trump, trunk, trump. I can't imagine they wouldn't endorse me because if they don't endorse me and I don't win, they are all going down the tubes.

New york times, washington post post, there are some very dishonest networks. Very, very dishonest. [booing] they are very dishonest people. And I have to say this, I always have to say this. You have some really great journalists and you have some honest publications, but not too many of them I have to be honest with you.

The legislators, will you know that. Does anybody think the medias honest? Does anybody think they are totally corrupt and dishonest?

All right, the legislation also officially establish something that so important to me because it's where it's at. And a lot of people used to smile and now outside of the wall which we are building. You know the wall is going up. It gets one of the biggest applause of anything, it's this sixth branch of the United States armed forces, Space Force.

We are opening up Space Force because that's where it's at. And everything is built right here in the United States. [applause] and by the way, we build the greatest weapons, the greatest planes, the greatest ships, we build it in the United States. There is nobody who comes close.

We have the greatest military equipment than anywhere in the world. Rockets, missiles, no place build it like us we are the best in the world and we sell it to allies. And they all went to buy from the United States. We are so hot.

[applause] we are so hot. [applause] and just a few weeks ago the United States special forces brought the world's number one terrorist to justice. [applause] thanks to the strength encourage of our warriors and they are great warriors, the blood thirsty savage known as al baghdadi is now dead. [applause] usa.

Usa. Usa. And he was quickly replaced by his second in command. And his second-in-command is now dead.

[applause] and we've got ri, and our sights on the third also. We know exactly where and when, but you know it's becoming a very unpopular job. Not a lot of takers and that's what we want. Go back to living a good normal life.

Because America is winning again America is winning again like never before. And as I always say and I've already said it twice tonight, this country is so respected. And we were not respected for years ago. We were laughed at. [applause] but while we are delivering historic victories for the American people, the radical left Democrat and the failed washington establishment are trying to erase your votes, nullify the election, and overthrow our democracy. It's not going to happen don't worry about it.

I would lose too much sleep over. And I have to say this about the Republican. The Republican, and you have a lot of great ones here tonight, your congressman.

You have a lot of great ones these congressmen are great. The Republican have never been so united as they are right now, ever. [applause] the House, the Senate, we've never been this united because it's all a hoax. And they understand that. They also understand poll numbers, but I'm sure that had nothing to do with it.

But the impeachment hoax is about overturning your great 2,016 votes. Or in the alternative trying to win the 2,020 election. That's not going to happen. Yesterday the justice department's, inspector General Released a report detailing the outrageous, scandalous, and unprecedented abuses of power.

[booing] [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] [inaudible] get her out. Get her out. [inaudible] these guys want to be so politically correct, yes get her out. [inaudible] see that?

I'll tell you law-enforcement is so great. That particular guy wanted to be so politically correct zero we don't want to be politically correct. I don't know who he was, he did not do the greatest job.

So they tried to frame innocent people in the ludicrous -- it all started with the rush of witchhunt, right? Then the inspector General Schocken report approves that the obama fbi obtained secret warrant to spy on my campaign based on a phony foreign dossier paid for by crooked hillary clinton. [booing] the fbi failed to disclose the nature of the political job to the pfizer court.

They hit it, they deceived it, and they lied. The dossier was written by a discredited discredited foreign agent who quote desperate that donald trump not get elected and was passionate about him not being United States president. What's this? They spied on our campaign, okay?

They spied. Never happened before in the history of our country. And we are really wise to it.

We are wise to it. The inspector General Filed that they fbi's spied application contains 17 errors and omissions commonly known as lies and deceit. When the fbi, and they're great people in the fbi but not in leadership. They are not good people and leadership. You haven't had. When the fbi uncovered evidence showing that we did absolutely nothing wrong, which was right at the beginning, they hid that exonerating, they hid it you know that, they hit it so nobody could see it and they could keep this hex hoax going on for two more years.

They knew right at the beginning that it was all a frame up. A set up. But they hid it so nobody could see it. So they could keep it going on.

Thinking they were going to hurt us politically. But now we are stronger politically than we ever were before. [applause] and the fbi also sent to multiple undercover human spies to surveillance record people associated with our campaign. Look how they have hurt people. They have destroyed the lives of people that were great people. They are still great people, their lives have been destroyed by scum.

Okay, by scum. An fbi lawyer forged, foraged an e-mail used as evidence. It's an act which is now the subject of a criminal referral.

Okay. What they did is so unbelievable , I look forward -- I don't know I don't know, I look forward to bull durham's reports, that's the one I look forward to. And this report was great by the ig, especially since he was appointed by President Barack hussein obama. [booing] considering that fact, it was great. Because we learned a lot of things that nobody would've found out although I suspect we would have. We also know from a previous inspector General Investigation that many of these same high-ranking officials were consumed with anti- trump and anti- trump people hatred and bias texting about an insurance policy.

Remember? Peter strzok and his lover lisa page, remember? Lisa I love you so much, lisa please lisa. Lisa I have never loved anyone like you we won't allow this to happen.

Lisa please tell me you lovely lisa, I love you. Peter I love you. I love you like I've never loved anyone. And if for any reason, if for any reason she loses even though she's a stone cold corrupt person. If her any reason she loses, peter, we've got to have an insurance policy we have to do.

Because were going after -- and that's been happening for the last two and a half year. It was there phony insurance policy. So fbi lawyer lisa page was so in love she didn't know what was happening.

It texted the head of counterintelligence peter strzok, likewise so in love. This poor guy, did I hear he needed a restraining order after this whole thing to keep him away from lisa? That's what I heard. I don't know if it's true, the fake news will never reported but it could be true.

[booing] now that's what I heard, I don't know. I mean who could believe a thing like that? No I heard peter schrock needed a restraining order to keep him away from his once lover. Lisa I hope your missing. Lisa he will never be the same. But he said he's not ever going to become President And struck looks back, no no he won't, we'll stop it we will stop it.

Can you believe we found these texts? These are fbi agents at a high level. No no. It, they are good to stop us from winning an election.

And then we have to listen that there was no bias. Think of these people, they right there was no bias. And yet he saying no no, darling, will stop it. [laughter] and then he announced there is no bias. No, were done and it's not easy and somebody said a regular president, I don't want to use normal, because that's not a nice normal thing. A regular President Would have been under a table, some in the mouth, saying take me home mommy this is too tough for me.

[applause] true, they know. And while it was tough for my family, I have to say very unfair to my family very tough on my family. I've a great family. For me it's my life I do it and that's one thing.

But it's very tough on the family. I think like this happens it's a disgrace. But day after day we are exposing something called that filthy disgusting horrible swamp and were cleaning it up. [applause] and now after two and a half years, now that the Russia witchhunt is dead, a big fat disgusting fraud. The congressional Democrat are pushing the impeachment witchhunt having to do with ukraine. [booing] but that's already failing, you saw their so-called articles of impeachment today.

People are saying they are not even doing a crime. What happened? All of these horrible things. Bribery and this and that, where are they? They said these two things that are not even a crime. This is the lightest, weakest impeachment.

Our country has had many impeachments. But it was on today everybody said this is impeachment like. [laughter] this is the lightest impeachment in the history of our country by far.

It's not even like an impeachment. These people are stone cold cricket. When a guy when like shifty shift, there is a corrupt politician. [booing] he made up my statements because you see I did one thing very good, as soon as I heard about this deal I released my statement immediately.

But he had already made horrible statements, and by the way the whistleblower? The whistleblower defrauded our country. Because the whistleblower wrote something that was totally untrue and we broke up the game.

Remember this second whistleblower was coming. And then the informer, who was the informer? I know who the informer was. So the informer, obviously gave them false information. Because they wrote in the whistleblower report right?

They wrote something totally different from what I said. What I said was perfect, but they screwed up the whole works because those guys weren't there. They don't know we had it professionally transcribed, word for word transcribed, so beautiful. And my lucky I had it transcribed. Think of that. [applause] think of that.

So what I said and released it, and I don't like doing that because you are releasing it's a conversation with a foreign leader. And this case a very fine gentleman, the President Of ukraine, the new President Of ukraine. And we call them up and we said, our Secretary Of state made this call in and asked if it would be okay.

And they didn't know what we were talking about but they said yes that's okay. And by the way, he is foreign minister, everybody they said there was no pressure, he didn't do anything, there is no pressure. But that didn't stop anybody. But we released to the conversation and that gunned it up.

Now all the sudden we never heard from the second whistleblower. We never heard who the informer was. The whistleblower who is going to come out strong, he has disappeared. Where's the whistleblower?

He has disappeared. He is gone. Maybe our great congressmen can fight him, okay? But the whistleblower is gone, he flew the coop because he reported incorrectly.

And the ig who did not want to look at the conversation, he was so anxious to turn the whistleblower report over to Congress so Congress could have fun with it, ought to be ashamed of himself. But today the House Democrat announce these two flimsy, pathetic, ridiculous articles of impeachment. The House Democrat, are walking back from everything they claim with today's announcement, they are now admitting there was no collusion. There was no obstruction of justice.

And there were no crimes whatsoever. It says it right there there are no crimes. They are impeaching me and there are no crimes. This has to be a first in history.

They are impeaching me because you know why? They want to win an election and it's the only way they can do it. So the Democrat have nothing.

And they have turned the somber prospect of impeachment, and it was to me a very ugly word. It's a word I associate with some very bad times in our country. The good news is we are having the best times in history in our country. [applause] but the word impeachment to me, is a very, very ugly word.

It's a dark ugly word. But, but, I have to tell you as bad as this is, it meant something. When you had serious, high crimes and misdemeanors. When you had a high crimes, its impeachment that would happen every 50 years, every 40 years, every hundred years.

This was a big deal. They are making it so light let's do it every six months? They've cheapened the process, they've cheapened the process, these people are so bad, the radical left Democrat. And I actually think that pelosi, by the way, by the way. [booing] by the way she is has totally lost control. She has totally -- it's being run now by this crazy aoc plus three.

Now it's being run by other people. The far left has grabs that party, it's so sad to see. And she knew what would happen. I didn't because I didn't think the polls will go through the roof. They went up today in michigan, and wisconsin, in a place called pennsylvania. [applause] the polls are through the roof.

The swing states, we won pennsylvania the last time and we are going to win it again even bigger. [applause] are polls have gone over the last month, they've gone through the roof. You look at it, take a look at it came out today. The firehouse pole, the firehouse pole is an important pole.

I've never looked at it but today I like it a lot. Nobody can even believe it. So what pelosi did, as I said, they do the impeachment and then right away let's do u.s. Ema. You think she'd wait a day. She wanted to smother the impeachment crab.

And that's probably what she did at least to an extent. But emmy den emmy any Democrat who votes for this sham will vote to sacrifice the House majority, their dignity, and their career. [applause] and some of these partisan lunatics have already said that if they fail this time, think of this, how about low iq maxine waters. [booing] how about green?

With green how about green where he said we have to impeach him because if we don't impeach him we are not going to win the election. This is what we are dealing with. You know we are dealing with some very bad people. We are dealing with people that don't respect you, and by the way you know they talk about the elites.

You are the elites and our family. [applause] you are the elites, you have better education, you've got better everything, you are the elites. It always bothers me that they say the elites, this is the elites, look how beautiful. [applause] junior who the elites? You look at those jobs reports where the best in history, unemployment for african-americans. The best in history unemployment hispanic americans.

Best in history unemployment asian americans. You are the elites. You are the elites. But they said they will do it again because this has been a total bust.

And they will do it again. The Senate has been so professional, so good, so solid, just like these gentlemen in the House. So solid. So we have to vote these crazy people the hell out of office and in 2020 I am going to work like hell that we take over the House.

We have to take over the House. [applause] gotta take over the House mike. So here are the facts that shift the shift, is that by the worst? He comes up to a microphone he comes up to the microphone like two and a half years ago, I have absolute proof that the President Of the United States conspired with Russia. With Russia? What the hell do I have to do if Russia.

Russia wishes hillary clinton one. We are now number one in the world in energy, Russia is number three. We are feeding now Russia and saudi arabia. You will have windmills all over the place if you had crooked hillary clinton?

She be knocking out those birds left and right. Those lynn mills while while while. Darling I want to watch television tonight and there's no damn wind, would I do? I want to watch the election results, darling there's no wind, the damn wind just isn't blowing like it used to because of global warming I think. I think it's global warming.

[laughter] global warming. No more wins, no more lights, the ocean is going to rise one eighth of an inch in the next 250 years. We are going to be wiped out. Look, I want clean air, clean water I wanted crystal clean, and that's all we have at a record level.

Our air in our water are cleaner now than it's ever been. With all that were doing. And we haven't closed up all of our industry. We have enclosed a bar in businesses and lost all those jobs.

And right now we are by far the largest economy in the world. And if you remember, if you look, if you go back 567 years, in 2019 they say China was going to catch us as the world's largest economy. Guess what, they are way behind. They're way behind. [applause] because over the last three years, you've seen the stock market set a hundred and 31 records.

Think of that. That means jobs, that means 4o1k, I have so many people that come up and say thank you sir. My wife is so in love with me because I went up 79% in the 4o1k. She thanks I'm a genius.

Shelley's thought I was a total stiff, a dumb stupid doubt. Now she thanks I'm a financial genius. [laughter] and all I did was buy some stock. I have stock in a 4o1k. And you made me into a genius. Sir she loves me so much more than she did before.

That shows you the power of money. But I have so many people, 401ks are through the roof. Jobs are through the roof. We have the lowest unemployment rate, and now more importantly than anything, wages are up for the first time in many, many years, decades. Decades. [applause] you remember four years ago I was here, and I told people, you noticed 20 years ago people made more money than they made four years ago.

Not now, not anymore. Because people now cannot only make a lot more money if they don't like their job, they go out and they get a different job. And they get more money and ultimately they find one that they love. You have so many opportunities right now. Wages are up, jobs are up.

And today we set a new record almost 100 to 60 million people are working. We've never come close to that number. [applause] that's one hell of a number. But just quickly hear the facts on shifty shift. I saw this guy he said the President Of ukraine read peter lee declared that there was no pressure, but he didn't want to say that.

We said say it say it you cricket vaster. Say it. [applause] : : : I don't know but I respect them because the ukrainian foreign minister and he said it so strongly, I have never seen a direct link between investigations and security assistance, he just said that. The Democrat were corrupt, they refuse to say that, that is ultimately the ones that matter, the leaders of ukraine. There's the one that know of the pressure not some cricket ambassador that is a deep stater or a barack obama master. Okay.

The ones that matter are the leadership of the country that were talking about, they refuse to say it because their dishonest people. There is only one way to stop the rabbit partisan Democrat, pennsylvania voters must show up in 2020 so we can take back the House, hold the Senate and keep the white House. [cheering] it's only way. It's only way. Okay, so I'm going to ask these people to come up on the stage because we have warriors with us tonight, we love warriors.

Like the guys that killed al-baghdadi, do you know how much press I got, I don't care about press but conan the dog got more than I did, that's okay. He was almost electrocuted, he deserves it. They gave me about a day and that's okay.

Because the people understand we made a great decision. I remember al-baghdadi was the founder of ISIS, a vicious rousseauruthless person. And we now have taken 100% and we have thousands and thousands of ISIS and with obama, you did nothing.

But get your ass kicked. [cheering] we are joined tonight by many of the terrific warriors that have helped me so much in so many ways, they fight for us, they are incredible and they come right from the state of pennsylvania. Have you ever noticed what biting keep saying, he says ohio, it's great to be in iowa tonight. [laughter] in fees in pennsylvania it's wonderful to be in the state of delaware. What is wrong with this guy. What is wrong with him.

There is something wrong. How many times can you do that, so far, it could happen because I was doing six and seven a day that last month, that last beautiful month I loved. I left these guys alone I do not want to do it, waste of time big beautiful rallies and do no I went to michigan and wisconsin and think of what the hell is going on these crowds are incredible. We had some of the biggest crowds, there has never been in the history of politics in the history of our country, there has never been anybody that drew crowds like we draw. And I don't have a a guitar. If you took ronald reagan, and we all like ronald reagan I thought he was a guy guy.

If he came to pennsylvania for a rally and had a thousand people, were getting crowds 25 - 30000 people in there must be 20000 people outside. We set up screens outside and if anybody would like to stand in the ring watching, to people off there I'm sorry. It's pretty rough, there's never been anything like it. Give me this the biggest arena you can give me, we don't have empty seats, how many seats as this 11000, 10500, it's beyond that. And look at the floor,. [cheering] and then you go out and you look outside and you have thousands and thousands because there is a spirit to what were doing, were fixing and healing our country.

Were making America great again. [cheering] so I want to ask you a couple of her great warriors to come forward, representative glenn thompson. Come up glenn.

[cheering] amanda has been a friend of mine for a long time, mike kelly. Do not get in a fight with him. , p mike. A wonderful man who represents this area, scott perry. [cheering] representative floyd schmucker. [cheering] and a guy who is always there for us john joyce.

[cheering] and to people that you all know very well in the state, they bring home the bacon, dan user and fred keller. [cheering] I want to also bring back our pennsylvania party chairman and I knew his grandfather, I should not say that to you, he was a tremendous man. But I am going to introduce somebody that dan always had had tremendous talent and little did I know he would be working with us and he's working well, he's smart, tough, lawrence davis. [cheering] also with us tonight, pennsylvania victory chairwoman comfort, everybody knows who that is. [cheering] national committeeman bob asher, cochairman tommy, an incredible friend, david irvin.

[cheering] [applause] I just want to think, this is an amazing group of people. With their help in the help of everyone here, we are going to set records like we've never said before. I used to say and I still have to say, 2016 I don't know if anything like that can ever happen. But were much better, all of the things that I said cut taxes, cut regulation, take care over events, look what we did for our vets. [cheering] look what we did. Look what we did, we now have the ability to fire all of the bad people in the va.

[cheering] over 8000 people we fired that were disrespecting our vets. They would not have done in "primetime", I can tell you that. But what we do for our vets, and rebuilding our military, what we've done in so many ways and we unlike the Democrat, will protect your second amendment. [cheering] so we have done a job and we are proud of it and we have tremendous people, let's give them a hand. Thank you very much.

Thank you, thank you everybody. Thank you. Vote for these people. [cheering] even if you do not like them vote for them. What a beautiful new hat that guy has on. How is that hat working out, I love that hat.

Look at this guy, that says keep America great. [cheering] should we do a poll? Are you ready, so we have the greatest phrase in the history of politics, make America great again and we have our new when we made America great, stock market, we rebuild, cut taxes, that nobody could even think possible. If you look at your median income, take a look with topping, the median household, with President Bush and went up $400 in eight years, with President Obama, it went up $975. That was in eight years.

With President Trump it went up 5000. But wait in less then three years, that's a big thing, wait, when you add energy savings and you add tax savings, you have almost a 10000-dollar savings. [cheering] and that is one of the big reasons why our data and regulations -- one of the big reasons our economy is growing because of our consumer is loaded with money.

Thank you very much mr. President I appreciate it. [cheering] but with the help of everyone here, we have now the hottest economy, you know what I mean dictators and presidents and kings and queens and prime ministers they come to the beautiful oval office of respected and the first thing they almost always say, sir, congratulations on your economy, were trying to do the same thing. And I say you will not be able to do it. [laughter] they won't be able to.

Let them give it a shot but they all say congratulations on the great job you've done but we've all done a great job, not me, we've all done it. I've done a good job a spokesman. [cheering] but they all say that.

But we've done a good job in many ways, all the promises that I made, I'm the only politician in the history that has actually kept or promises that I made. Think of that. Nonetheless, like a thing like right to drive, nobody talked about that, we are right to drive, somebody terminally ill, the greatest medicines in the world and the greatest doctors, greatest labs in the world nobody close but opaque takes years to get it approved and I got it approved. Seek and sign a document and get it. If you want to see the lives were saving it's a beautiful thing. A beautiful thing is happening.

But we've also created 7 million new jobs to if I would've said that the fake news would've gone crazy, they would've said that's impossible and they would've gone crazy, they go crazy anyway and when I don't say it. Right here in pennsylvania we have made 160,000 brand-new beautiful jobs. And companies moving in and moving back and as I said african-American is American asian unemployment the lowest ever in the history of our country, the lowest on employment rate, wages for low-income workers have gone up more than 10%, nobody thought that was possible, one of the biggest in terms of the groups, one of the biggest beneficiaries, they share 40 million American families will benefit from the Republican job tax credit, each receiving an average of $2,200,200.

We ended the last of ministration with American energy that the United States is now, I said it and I'll say it all night long, number one producer of oil and natural gas in the world and there is nobody even close. [cheering] and the state of pennsylvania, natural gas production is up 34% since her election. [cheering] virtually every leading Democrat has pledged to entirely eliminate American production of oil, clean coal, natural gas. [crowd boos] I don't think somebody coming in to pennsylvania, you know those chemical plants, they don't like them at all.

Thousands and thousands of jobs, incredible millions of dollars in taxes, how about going to the state of texas, we had one candidate who turned out to be too good of a candidate, beto. [crowd boos] remember. So he wanted to get rid of religion, the bible, and he wanted to get rid of oil. [crowd boos] how about going to texas and say no bible, no oil, no guns. I think abraham lincoln and you cannot win that particular race.

It would not be much different than the state of pennsylvania that I can tell you. But you know somebody who believes in that is sleepy joe biden, he was caught tying a far left radical activist that he would shut down fossil fuel production and pennsylvania. You saw that. But the motors of the commonwealth will never ever let that happen.

[cheering] can you imagine a guy, whether tim or bernie, he just raises his hand, he has no clue what he's doing, he one to give illegal aliens healthcare even though we take it away from her own soldiers and he looks and they're all raising their hand, did you see that, okay all due to. In addition to replacing nafta I've taken the toughest ever action against China's trade abuses, they want to make a deal so badly. I was doing well but they want to make a deal. Please make a deal, we don't want to pay terrorist anymore. Please please. Thanks to our steel tariffs, steel and pennsylvania are roaring back to life in u.s.

Steel has just announced a 1 billion-dollar investment in non-valley works in pittsburgh. You know that right, $1 billion. They weren't investing they were divesting. The steel company is an amazing achievement.

We taxed all the steel coming in from China and other places pre-25%. All of a sudden our steel metal is at 2 million again. We need that for defense in our ships and airplanes, we cannot play games with steel. After years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation.

[cheering] and very importantly, everything that we do, we are putting America first. Sorry. [cheering] we gave up on the globalists and said let's build the world and forget about our country and rebuild the world. No issue have the Democrat politicians brought thoroughly betrayed the American people then on the issue of immigration immigration, far left politicians, their fighting me on the wall, but were building that we have the military money coming in. Believe me. If I weren't a good developer you can forget about the wall.

These people thought me and we started winning in court and you know what, speaking of court, we will soon have 182 federal judges including court of appeals. [cheering] nobody can believe it. All because barack obama gave us 142 -- when you're President They always say I disagree, right. But beyond defense they would say the most apart thing you can do is justice, justice of the supreme court, two great ones. But they always say judges and supreme court justices and when you leave office, I hope in five years, nine years, 13 years, 17 years, 21 years, 25 years,. [cheering] 29 years when I leave office, I'm only doing that to drive them totally crazy.

[cheering] that drives them crazy. Even joking about it. We have this idiot comedian who says, he's talking to a guest right, he said you know who's going to win, were going to fight and they will in the city's going to win, you know he's going to win and he's never leaving don't you. [cheering] and at first I thought he was kidding. He's a whack job, he was totally serious, he honestly believe that. Should we give it a shot, maybe we will.

I'm only kidding, they won't write that, they won't write the I'm only kidding part, but politicians support every sanctuary city devastating for everyday americans. These jurisdictions deliberately release dangerous violent criminal aliens out of the jail and directly onto your streets where they are free to offend and free to kill, where they are free to rape, free to beat up people except for ice. They don't beat up ice, you're lucky we have ice, they want to put ice out of business and that's not happening. Ice is incredible people, great patriots and they're tough.

[cheering] thanks to Democrat immigration policy, innocent americans in all 50 states are being brutalized and murdered by illegal aliens criminals. Last summer at least 19 illegal aliens were charged in connection with grizzly homicides including hacking victims to death and ripping out into cases, their hearts. Weeks ago to illegal aliens and members of the savage gang who we are removing from our country by the thousands. [cheering] were charged with relentlessly beating a wonderful beautiful high school teenager to death with a baseball bat and chopping the body apart with a machete. One of the animals accused was released by local authorities in defiance of an ice demand. I said you cannot let them go, they wanted them.

They would do anything for them. They wanted them to hand them over for deportation back to his country and get them the hell out of our country. Right.

[cheering] Democrat sanctuary cities also give safe haven to those who commit violent crimes, since montgomery county maryland declared itself a sanctuary jurisdiction in july, we have already identified nine illegal aliens who have been arrested for rape, sexual assault, including a 26-year-old man charged with raping and viciously strangling a young wonderful woman who was entering her apartment innocently entering her apartment she was killed, strangled to death. Sanctuary cities, maryland. But these are only the cases that we know about. Sanctuary cities and jails actively conceal illegal alien crime and criminals from federal government.

Federal government wants to take them out or in some cases if it's real violence, and we don't want to pay for the cost, but we do, put them into very strong jails. [cheering] the sanctuary city of philadelphia and the sanctuary city of philadelphia. [crowd boos] it's one of the very worst sanctuary anywhere in the country. Did you know that?

I know philadelphia well going to school here, we never heard about sanctuary cities did we. Weeks ago and illegal alien charged with rape, sexual assault of a child and inflicting serious bodily injury was released by philadelphia to be the free and their community. And by the way, you may have the worst district attorney or whatever -- this guy, I've been hearing about this guy he likes killers out almost immediately, what the hell, how did you let that happen. Instead of handing them over while still in jail, he defied ice, they fought with ice and set him loose on unsuspecting family, thankfully I great time and effort are brave ice officers were eventually able to track him down, arrest him, detain him and do what has to be done. [cheering] and how do you elect Democrat when they create as sanctuary city of philadelphia, I do not get it. Four gang members were arrested in pennsylvania of the killing of a 21-year-old and a 15-year-old.

As we speak criminal illegal alien with three prior deportations is roaming free in pennsylvania because he was released by the city of philadelphia, the city of brotherly love. [crowd boos] you better get yourself a better prosecutor in this place, I want to tell you. That's a horrible thing, it's a national story how he wants everybody to not pay the price and are talking about not paying the price for rape, murder, other horrible crimes. How stupid, how stupid can you be.

The charges against this alien include rape, aggravated assault, unlawful contact with a minor, indecent exposure and terroristic threats. Other than that he was a very nice person philadelphia has defined ice and released illegals charged with everything from assault to kidnapping to drug crimes to crimes to homicide murder, Democrat stand for crime, corruption and chaos and Republican stand for law and order and justice. We stand for justice. [applause] [cheering] we dive with law enforcement as americans not ruthless gang members and not violent criminals, aliens are coming to our country illegally and take our payments, some of these people with these crazy laws, look what's going on in california, they do better than her great veterans, they do better than citizens of our country.

As they advertise, we will take you, we will take care of you, we will pay for it and then you wonder why we have so many people trying to come throughout the border. But we do a great job. Were removing these criminal illegal aliens from our country by the thousands and sending them home, we are not letting them come back in.

We are being very tough. [cheering] in mexico is now giving us 27000 soldiers at our border in guatemala, honduras and el salvador we signed a very important agreement with each, when their people come into our country they weren't taken aback and now they take them back and say thank you very much. They weren't taking them back, if we had a murderer from honduras or gautama or's el salvador and want to bring them back under passive ministrations they would bring them and they say we don't want them. And with us they say thank you very much we will take them back. [applause] because we let them know the price is very bad if they don't do that. Thanks to her tireless efforts to secure the border, illegal his down 75% since may and the wall is going up at a very rapid pace.

The radical Democrat have gotten more and more extreme and that's why they did this impeachment hoax because nancy pelosi had no control. She knew what was going to happen. She knew, the radical left is taking over the Democrat party.

Democrat are pushing for a socialist takeover that would strip you of the doctor and coverage of your choice. We have 180 million people with private healthcare that love it. They will take that away from you. I don't think so.

Crazy elizabeth warren, or as I affectionately call her, pocahontas. [cheering] her ridiculous plan would cost $52 trillion, that is more money that we have taken one year, two years, three years, four years five years, six years, about seven years, that is for one year. $52 trillion and you don't have your doctor. She's starting to crash again. I thought I knocked her down, I did that heavy pocahontas deal. I give her credit I thought she was done for.

There's just little embers. And then she rose and became strong but then she opened that fresh mouth of hers and that stopped. I don't see her -- I don't think she makes it. You don't know, crazy things happen at the Democrat party, it used to be a sane party now it's an insane party.

But they're all looking at the same thing, you have alfred running. [laughter] pete buttigieg, can you believe he is doing well, he's like the leading fundraiser, I dream about him. [laughter] it's true.

But I'm not going too far with any of these people. Because I was way too early with elizabeth warren, we destroyed her too fast. So she came back.

But she's going back down again. Did anybody see her beer deal about her husband, darlene it's great to see you what are you doing here. , that's her husband supposed to be living in the House, you're here? I don't think she had seen him in ten years.

I have an idea, let's get a beer beer. She's such a phony disgusting. [cheering] Republican will defend your sacred rights you choose, the doctor and you can choose your plan and the plan that is right for you, we will strongly protect patients with pre-existing conditions and we will also protect your right to get the physician that you want.

Virtually every top Democrat now supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the moment of birth and the character in virginia, did you see the virginia governor. [crowd boos] he gave -- the baby is born and there's no other word if the mother decides no than the execute the baby. [crowd boos] he is the governor of virginia and why the Republican are not going to win virginia this next election 2020, I'll tell you what we will give it a very strong shot when you have people like that we will give it a strong shot. That's why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion because Republican believe that every child is a sacred gift from God.

[cheering] Democrat are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream and the party of honest abe lincoln. [cheering] I told you about justice and I'm telling you about so many other things, there is nobody that has ever done what we are doing. You look at school choice for every child in America who needs it including the 50000 pennsylvania students who your Democrat governor has blocked from getting school choice scholarships. No scholarships available. What is that all about.

How did that happen. I withdrew from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal, it's a disaster. I recognize israel true capital and open the American embassy. [cheering] for years he watched as your politicians apologized for America. Now you have a President Who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of pennsylvania and you never had that better experience. [cheering] never.

Now is survival of the American nation itself, it's a survival. We will destroy our country if these people get in. I say we don't so much the first three years, will soon be four years, all of a sudden the time will be up but it's like when you plant a tree, and needs time to grab on, it needs time, it has to grab and that's what we need we need time and one thing we will do, we still have tremendous regulation coming that we can do.

We've cut all regulations than any President In the history of our country, we did it in less than two and half years. [cheering] we did it in less than two and half years and one regulation, we have regulation and you need some regulation, but you don't need regulation that doesn't build a temple road or highway. What we have done has been incredible and it's one of the reasons the job numbers are so good.

If you want your children to inherit the birthright of American liberty that generations of americans have fought and died for to secure, we must devote everything that we have for victory in 2020 and we have to get rid of the Democrat in the House of representatives. [cheering] only this way can we save the America that we love and clean up washington corruption once and for all and with your help we will have lift millions of our citizens from welfare and poverty to prosperity. We have tremendous prosperity going on in our country. And the people in this room -- you know what's happening, you know what's happening with their families and your jobs, you've never had a time like this, they always say are you better off now than four years ago, who is better off now, everybody. [cheering] but together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair safe, sane and lawful system of immigration, we will enact trade deals that result in more products, probably stand with the beautiful phrase, made in the usa.

[cheering] we just finished a deal with South Korea, we just finished a 40 billion-dollar deal with jeff and were in the process of getting our deal done, let's see what happens, they want to make it more than I do because were getting a lot of money, we've never taken money from China and now it's coming in by the billions and when they target our farmer, I give our farmers that money that they have been targeted and our farmers are thrilled. [cheering] and we have a lot left. But we will exceed new breakthroughs of science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the age epidemic in America, we will have that done. [cheering] that could've started earlier than the beginning of our ministration, we will have that done in less than ten years. The aids epidemic will have ended in America in less than ten years.

We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheering] and above all we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America, one great country, one America that we support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement and we believe in the dignity of work and sanctity of life, the governments and bureaucracies are the true American way, we believe that children should be taught to love our country, on our history and always respect our great American flag. [cheering] and we live by the words of our national motto in God we trust.

And we stand on the shoulders of generations of pennsylvania patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation. Pennsylvania is the place where our founding fathers declared American independence, where the army weathered the brutal winter and where General George washington led his men across the delaware on christmas night. They used the password, do you know what the password was, victory or death. How incredible is that. Victory or death.

[cheering] pennsylvania is a state they gave us self made titans of American industry from andrew cardigan to milton hershey. I love hershey's. In henry j heinz, pennsylvania is the place where strong American workers mind the coal, work the railroads and forge the steel into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world and we are making an even greater every single day, it is greater then ever before. [cheering] and proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, they are trying to take your power away, it will never ever happen.

With your help, and with your devotion and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We will keep on winning. We are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God, America is thriving like never before and ladies and gentlemen of pennsylvania, the best is yet to come. [cheering] because together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again and we will make America great again.

Thank you pennsylvania.