ID: CSPANDT8520195
Title: President Trump Holds Rally in Panama City Beach, Florida
Date: 2019-05-08

thank you very much everybody. Thank you very much. What a crowd. Look at that, thank you.

Thank you. Well before we begin I have to tell you that runway is like a ice skating rink, and the first step I said you know this sucker is slippery I think it was put in by the Democrat. [laughter] whoever the hell got that thing, that's a trap. I'm telling you it's like ridiculous. You know what I'm saying, therefore, don't pay the bill.

Okay? Because that is crazy fellas. Next time we don't want to have that. Can you imagine if I went down, the press would have a field day for weeks and weeks. They'd say he went down, finally , he made a mistake.

Isn't that terrible? Isn't that terrible? Well I just wantto say, hello panama city beach. It's a nice place. We had some great times here, you remember before that great election, '16, '16, and now we have '20. Who would believe november 3rd , it's not november 8th, it's november 3 rd, and it will be just as special.

And in certain ways I can't say it's more as important, but it's equally important because we have made strides like no country has made surprise strides. We had a great time and some incredible rallies right here. We are working really hard for you and we're going to talk about that in a little while. Things are going well. You got hit by a hurricane called michael.

That was not a nice hurricane, but it's going well. I'm thrilled to be here with incredible men and women of the florida panhandle. My friend your strength and devotion and values are what truly make America great and what make America run.

You know that. You love our country, you're proud of our history, and you always respect our great American flag. [applause] when I was last here, in the immediate aftermath of hurricane michael, you remember we came and it was pretty bad stuff. I pledged to you unsaverring support, and the support of our nation until you have fully recovered and rebuilt. And we will never, ever leave your side. We've already given you billions of dollars and there is a lot more coming as you do it.

[applause] and to support your recovery from hurricane michael, and early irma, the federal government has committed more than $10 billion to the state of nor florida. And rick scott, your governor, ron desantis is great. [applause] so now rick has gone on to the Senate along with marco rubio, and we're all working together. And things are g going good, for you and for our country.

Thank you, I love you too, thank you. [applause] that's a guy, but I love him. Whoever the hell you are, I love you. And tonight, I'm pleased to announce that my administration will be allocating $448 million in hud disaster recovery funds for the great people of florida. [applause] and these dollars will help communities get back on their feet. We've already given you many, many millions of dollars but thee are additional moons that are coming in to help families put their lives together.

Some families are working really hard. More money is needed, I just came from a stop at tyndall air force base where I saw the devastating effects of that category 5 hurricane. Category 5. Never heard of a category 5 before. Category 5 is big stuff.

Tyndall was scheduled, as you know, by the military to close. You know that right? And I got a call from your great representatives, and they said president, they want to close tyndall because it got beat up badly. In fact, we have our best planes there. The f-22, is incredible.

Incredible fighter jet, the most beautiful plane I think I've ever seen, and some of them were damaged but we lost none. Seven were very badly damaged. They lost none. And the military had it scheduled to be closed, and I heard about it. And I made a couple of calls. [applause] and I said general, why are we doing that?

Those people are incredible. Those people they work. They're just outstanding. I said General Why are we doing it, and that said well it's damaged. And I said what are we going to build a new one someplace else in a bad location? We have thousands of people, we're going to end up having 8,000 people back there working soon, so we're building the whole place, and we're doing a job.

And we're actually moving in the f-35 fighter jet, which is the newest and the best in the world [applause] and we got a lot of them. We have a lot of them. And they're going to be moving in. So we're going to have many more people working at tyndall than you had the day before the hurricane.

Okay? They'll be prepared. And they're doing drawings, and they're doing architecture of different areas. We're building new buildings, and fixing old good ones that got very badly hurt, but structurally they're sound and when we're finished it will be something that's very special, anywhere in the country. Okay.

And you have something very special. I was with kern kol. And he said we fly right out over the ocean, and when you to that you can do a lot more than when you're flying over people's houses. We know that feeling too.

It's great, and it's going to be fantastic. In the wake of the terrible storm this extraordinary community pulled together, and showed the world you're unbreakable. Your unbreakable spirit.

I knew that long before the storms, by the way. And you've also seen countless volunteers and visitor students, and faith groups come here to lend a hand to help like almost no place else you can imagine. And of course people are still traveling from around the world to enjoy your sun. I happen to be one of them by the way. And your sand, and your pristine waters, which is exactly what you have, because panama city beach is open for business, as beautiful as ever. [applause] and today I'm doing the most allowed by law to support the people of florida, because of the severity of the storm, category 5, we will have the federal government pay for 90% of the cost in any circumstance.

[applause] 90%. And we can do that because of the incredible definition and the size of that storm and devastation. We need Democrat in Congress to work with us to pass an acceptable bill. We're getting close. It's pretty tough dealing with -- they don't want to build the wall, but we're building a wall.

They don't want to do a lot of things. So we're building a lot of things, and we're doing a lot of things that includes additional hurricane michael, we have funding immediately. No games, no gimmicks no delays, we're just doing it. And by the way, fema, my people at fema, fema did a tremendous job here. And elsewhere by the way. They had this, they had texas, they had project puerto rico.

And puerto rico got $91 million. It's the most -- we've never given $91 billion to a state. And I'll tell you we gave puerto rico $91 billion, and you look at the navy the marines, the job they did there was really incredible. [applause] incredible. In fact, I brought a chart. Would you like to see a chart?

[applause] and very haphazardly, I just happen to have it with me. So there's your chart, does everyone see that? [applause] so now, I didn't want to put it on a big board because that cost s the government too much money. But you can all see that. That's puerto rico, and they don't like me.

Texas, florida, the biggest hurricanes we've seen. But this, and what the Democrat want to do is give more, and more, and I say -- you know what ? I have a great relationship with the people of puerto rico. But it hasn't been fair how they've treated all of us from the standpoint of their leaders.

They want more money. They got $91 billion, the larg est amount of money ever given from a hurricane to a state. To any element and that's the way it is. But you're getting your money one way or another.

And we're not going to let anybody hold it up. And I think that the people of puerto rico are very grateful to donald trump for what we've done to them. And that was a bad storm. And with florida, with florida thank you. With florida, you drive on.

With puerto rico it's a little tougher. It's called you get into a boat or you get into something. But they did a hell of a job, including bringing the biggest hospital ship in the world right off the island.

I want to thank the military, fema for what they did there. For what fema did in florida, texas, you look at louisiana, south carolina, they got hit hard. North carolina got a piece of it georgia, alabama, these are great places, and they're all getting a's but the Democrat are trying to stop it, but don't worry, you're getting aid. They're there getting aid. And you've already gotten a lot of it so that's good. Instead of wasting time, energy, taxpayer dollars on partisan stunts and witch hunts, Democrat s should be focused on building up our country.

Did you see what just happened, by the way? No collusion. [applause] no obstruction. [applause] no anything. [applause] two years on a witch-hunt. I could have gotten anybody in this audience I could have found something on you.

Two careers -- two years. $40 million, I call them angry Democrat. After two years, nothing. No collusion.

And now the Democrat we have a great attorney general. Now the Democrat are saying we want more. It was going to be like we want the mueller report. Now they say mueller report? No we want to start all over again.

It is a disgrace. We have to focus on infrastructure. We have to focus on lowering medical prices, and medicine.

[applause] always focusing on military and our vets, which we've done. And the Democrat really should be focused now on restoring and helping the emerald coast of florida. It's time to come together for the people of panama city, for the people of florida, and the people of our country. It's time to stop this nonsense. They think they're going to win. Did you see the one man?

He's he said it's the only way we're going to beat him in 2020. Well that's a compliment I guess but think of what he said. It's the only way they're going to beat me. And actually it's wind gust the other way because now we have our best poll numbers that we've ever had.

It's crazy. So we want to work with them, and do infrastructure. All the things you know about and we're going to get it done. Nobody's done so much as all of us. It's not just me, I'm a messenger. I have done a good job at a messenger.

[applause] I've done a good job, but you've done a great job because you came from all over. You came from all over. You voted -- they didn't know that you folks existed in many cases. The invisible people, and you know what you are? You're the smartest, the hardest working. You pay your taxes.

You do all of this stuff. Great job, great talents. You're the best looking people, that's for sure.

[applause] you ever see y joke about this but it's really not joking. They call themselves the elite. Did you ever see the elite? This is the elite.

They're not elite, you're elite. [applause] I always take heat. I say you have better houses.

So do I. You have better boats, you have better everything. You are smarter, you know -- I say, nowhere we're the elites. So let's let them be the elite with the super elite. Not even a contest.

I always laugh when I hear. They're elites, and you see this guy and you say he's not elite. Not in my book he's not.

But we're delighted to be joined tonight by many florida Republican leaders. They really have been fantastic, and you just got a little sample of it, and you're getting a great sample of it, because as your governor, ron desantis has been doing a fantastic job. Where is ron? Where is he?

Thank you ron. Great job. Great governor. And along with ron, you know his first lady casey desantis. And your first lady malon melania is a big fan of casey.

And a man of the Senator Who is working with me very hard on venezuela, and cuba, and lots of other things. He's become really a good friend , we had our little squab bles, minor squabbles, but we've come together and he's a terrific person. Senator marco rubio. Where is he? Thank you marco.

Great job. Good man. How are we doing in cuba, marco? How are we doing in venezuela? Step we step.

Step by step. What's happening in venezuela is case graceful. People are dying. They have no food, no water. This was one of the wealthiest countries until world, now they're living so bad, so dangerously, and so.

People are dying. And we're working hard on that problem and being tough. But we have no choice, it's not fair what's happening to those people. Great people. The venezuelan people, I call it little venezuela.

I got to know them, they're great people. Another friend of mine he was just up and he was a solid, solid person for the people of florida when he was governor. He loved the people of florida.

Now he's in washington, Senator Rick scott, doing a fantastic job. Doing a fantastic job. We have a lot of members of Congress, mat gates, dldunn, thank you. You have your florida lieutenant governor.

Janette nunez. Janette, thank you janette, great job. Florida attorney general, ashley moody. Thanks ashley.

And by the way, I just made your great us attorney, where is he? Where is he? Thank you very much. You are doing a fantastic job. You are doing a fantastic job. Florida cfo, jimmy patrons, thank you jimmy.

Florida gop chair, and state Senator Joe graduate gruters. R and c chairwoman, she won a state, the great state of michigan. I said who was that, now nobody 's won mish for decades as a Republican. And we won so when it came choosing to head of the r and c, I said who was that woman so great in the state of michigan, because we won that state, we weren't expected to. But you know we left that was the last speech we made. We had 32,000 people show up at 1:00 in the morning.

It was now election day. And I left, think of it. Election day. And I left, and I said you know, I don't know why we're going to lose.

We had 32,000, our opponent, we want to be nice. Our opponent was there, at prime time. Like 6:00. And she had 500 people.

I said why are we going to lose michigan, and you know what? We didn't. Because roana mcdaniel was fantastic. And another one who is fantastic , rnc co-chair tommy hicks. Thank you tommy.

Great job. And we have so many people. We have so many we could go all night, let's get back to business, right? This is an incredible time for our country.

America is thriving again. America is winning again, and America is being respected again we're respected. [applause] in fact, one of the Democrat today said that he -- it's a he, sleepy person. Said that he heard from a lot of foreign leaders. And they want him to be president.

Of course they do. So they could continue to rip off the United States. Of course they do. [applause] I think if I heard that I'd never vote for him. And then you have bernie.

Bernie. We've got some real beauties. Crazy bernie. You have a choice between sleepy joe, and crazy bernie.

I'll take any of them, let's pick somebody and start this thing. Pick somebody. We have a young man puckspute gigch. He'll be representing us against China.

I want to be in the room and watch that one. Had by the way you see the tariffs we're doing? Because they broke the deal. So they're flying in -- tomorrow is flying in but they broke the deal.

They can't do that. So they'll be paying. If we don't make the deal. Nothing wrong with taking in over $100 billion a year. $100 billion.

We have never done that before, and we have that happening and a lot of good things happening with a lot of countries. We have a deal with mexico. Nafta, how bad was nafta?

All the empty buildings and empty plans. We have a deal with mexico, and canada. We have to get the Democrat in the House due prove it.

And if they don't that will be okay, we'll do something better. You have to have alternatives. When they want to hold you up for political reasons you always have to have alternative. We have a lot of good alternatives.

Some of it's better. Our economy is now the hottest anywhere on earth and it's the envy of the world. [applause] every time a foreign leader, a President A prime minister, a king, a queen, a dictator, we have some of them too. Every time they come into the office, they say congratulations on what you've done for this economy, the hottest on earth.

It's incredible. Every single time that's how they start off the conversation. And you know it, because the people of author are truly benefiting by what we be done.

Internationally, and nationally. So thank you. [applause] and our policy can be summed up in three very simple words, jobs , jobs, jobs. [applause] the United States economy created another 260,000 jobs last month. Way, way, way above what people thought.

They were making predictions much lower. Then the big one. They were thinking about 1%. 1.2%.

Maybe 1.5%, and our growth number came in for the first quarter which is almost always the lowest quarter of the year. Historically. 3.2% crushing expectations. [applause] a lot of surprised people.

I wasn't surprised. Since the election we've created nearly 6 million new jobs, including more than half a million manufacturing jobs. And nearly 700,000 new construction jobs. Numbers that if I would have said this during the campaign, those people back there, I call them the fakers, fake news media [booing] the fakers would have said he exaggerated. He exaggerated.

They are a bunch of fakers, there's no doubt about it. But you know in six years they're all going to be out of business, folks. [applause] they're all going to be out of business. Now if we want to drive them crazy. I'll say in ten years they'll go crazy.

See, he is a -- well, 10 or 14, whatever we like right? Watch there will be headlines. Donald trump wants to break con stitutionality.

Unemployment reached the lowest rate in more than 50 years. [applause] the women's unemployment rate is the lowest in more than 65 years and soon will be a record number women, women. Remember last election. Oh, he's go to do so bad with women. I did great with women.

[applause] [applause] we did great with women. Hispanic-American unemployment hit another brand new all-time perfect low. Historic low. African American unemployment recently achieved the lowest rate in the history of our country. [applause] more today than ever. And likewise hispanic-American unemployment, lowest in the history of our country.

[applause] I'm going to like that on the debate stage. I'll say lowest rates ever in history. Highest income ever in history.

But the different groups. Highest income, more people are working today in the United States, almost 160 million, than have ever worked in the United States before. [applause] and nearly 1 million more african americans are employed today than when I took office. Think of that. [applause] right?

That's what it is. Now 14 more years -- after many years of stagnation, wages are rising very fast. Hasn't happened in 20 years. And they're rising fastest which makes me feel very good for blue caller workers.

Fastest proportionally. And driving our whole agenda is a job's boom that is historic. Hasn't happened like this in many, many years. If at all. Certainly during record-keeping has not happened like this. And it has to lot to do with the fact that we've cut more federal regulations and regulations than any President In the history of our country, so these great companies now can breathe, and hire people.

[applause] right? [voices chanting] [applause] and we just passed the largest package of tax cuts and reforms in American history, the largest and we got rid of the individual mandate of obamacare, the most unpopular -- [applause] and by the way we would have repealed and replaced obamacare, but one vote didn't work out. After campaigning for eight years, this particular person decided at the last moment to go , no, it's all right we'll get it anyways, it doesn't matter. We'll end up doing better. Sometimes, you know things like that happen.

And you get angry, and you get a little bit sad. And then, some of you weep, I don't we happen but you don't weep too much. I know too many in my life that didn't weep in their life. But you get angry about it, and you go out and fight, and it ends up you do better in the first place.

And those of you that love your children, which I would think it's probably 95%. To keep your family farms and ranches and small businesses in the family, that I'll talk about this. We eliminated the unfair estate tax or death tax. [applause] so now, if you love your child or you love your children, and you have a beautiful, farm, ranch, small business, it's doing great. You know the old days meaning like two years ago. They had to go out and borrow money from a bank and lose their business in many cases.

Now you don't have a tax. So if you love them, good. If you don't love them, I wouldn't leave it to them, and it's not going to matter. It won't help you much.

But if you love your family, that's what is going to happen. It's a great thing. We're reducing burdens in our businesses. But in return we expect American companies to invest in America, which is what we're demanding. To raise wages in America, which is happening. And to hire American workers to do the job.

That's what we want. And as I stand here floating around on a piece of ice, this is crazy. [laughter] I'm a little bit concerned about leaving the podium I'm holding. You have no idea what I'm going through on this stage. This is the worst damn stage I've ever seen. Stupid people did this one.

[laughter] no, no, or brilliant. They may be the enemy. If it's the enemy then they're brilliant but I want them the hell out of here. And we're reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that enrich wall street at the expense of main street. You see what's happening.

Although everyone's doing well right now. The companies are doing great. When wall street does good that's a good thing for us. A lot of you have 401(k)'sthat are double, what they were a couple of years ago.

I tell the story -- it happens a lot but for some reason this big policeman, this big strong guys come to me. I was in new york. And he said sir, thank you, my 401(k).this was a year ago. This happens all the time he said his 401(k)'s up 47%. He said my wife used to think I was horrible at investing, and now she thinks I'm the greatest investor in the world. And I say now the numbers are much better since then, but that's the 401(k), everybody's through the roof, and the way to keep it that way is to make it better, ask stronger, and take in a lot of money from countries that have been ripping us off for a long time.

[applause] I mean we pay for the military, or defending nations that are so rich. And I say to them, king, you have to do me a favor. You have to pay. But nobody has ever asked for money. I said no, no, you have to pay.

We lose billions and billions of dollars. Individual countries. And it's one thing if we're helping people who were being horribly treated, and they don't have money, that's one thing. It's another thing if we're dealing with countries that are loaded with cash. Make a fortunate, and we're defending them for a tiny fraction of what it costs. So it's all changes.

A lot of changes. [applause] one country, I won't say the country. But one country we spend a lot of money on, defending, very dangerous territory, and it cost s us $5 billion. And I said to a general, please do me a favor, general, tell me, how much does it cost for us to defend this country, which is very rich? Sir, I will check.

Sir, $5 billion sir. I said that's okay, now how much do they pay us. Sir, they pay us $500 million. I said we lose $4.5 million to defend a country that's rich as hell, and probably doesn't like us too much. Can you believe it?

And we've been defending it for many years so, I called the leader of the country. I said you know it's not fair. We're spending all of this money , great danger, and we have our men and women, they're the best in the world and we're sending them over to your country, not fair. You have to pay.

You have to pay. And he said like the king, he said but nobody's ever asked us that before. I said that's because you had stupid people running.

[applause] so they said -- they said thank you -- I just want to I could give you a hundred stories like this. He said that we can't do anything now because it passed our so-called parliament. And so we can't. It didn't come due. I said pay me something now. We can't pay you more than $500 million, I have to say that's one phone call.

So I said make it 750 -- now that's a long way short of $4.5 billion that we're losing. But I said make it 750. Cup of coffee we agreed to a number around $500 million. It was one phone call that last ed for ten minutes. And once they got over the shock , and now the two months is up, and I told my people, call them, and ask for the rest of the money, okay?

[applause] but we have many countries like that. We have many countries like that we have countries like saudi arabia. Very rich.

Nothing but cash, right. So I think they can afford to pay us for defense. And they will, and you know what , they will. And they're buying a tremendous amount of equipment, $450 billion they'll be spending in our country. $450 billion, but we have a lot of countries that are rich, that we're defending and they don't even respect it.

Honestly when I ask them, they almost are looking at me saying, I sort of thought, it's amazing nobody asked us. They don't say that, they're smart. But you feel it. So a lot of countries we're defending, it's not fair what's happening.

They're paying us a tiny fraction, in some cases. We defend Europe. It's not fair. They're not paying what they should be paying. We'll work it out.

We have to pay their bills. And you know what? In the end they're going to like us now. And in the end they're going to respect us.

[applause] under the previous administration, the United States lost nearly a quarter of a million manufacturing jobs, you remember that. [booing] they let other countries raid our factories, steal our jobs, and rob us blind. Other than they were very nice.

They allowed China to freely loot our economy. Plunder our intellectual property, and target our industries for destruction. That's what was happening.

And look, President Chi is a friend of mine, but he's from China and for China. I'm for the usa. And so, we're going to see. They come in tomorrow, and whatever happens don't worry about it.

It will all work out. You know why? It always does. Don't worry about it.

There's no pressure because you know we're the piggy bank that everybody wants to rob. You understand that. So we have the thing that everybody wants. We're now the biggest market in the world by far. I'll tell you China was catching us.

If another person happened to be in this position right now, first of all there had be about ten people -- instead of all the people -- I wish the cameras could spin around and show this massive field. [applause] you know -- they won't do it. They won't do it. They never do it. They don't like to show it.

And I tried to explain it to the ones that are semi-friendly, I said it's good for your production value to do this. Your production values are much better. Let them know it.

No, look at this field they'll never show it. They will show the people behind me, congratulations. [applause] they may have a lousy seat, but you know what? They'll be famous tomorrow. [applause] but it is true they never like to show the crowds.

I went to texas, and I made a speech. And beto, boy is he falling like a rock. What happened to beto. So I went to el paso, and we had an arena that held 8-9,000 people. We had 35,000 people outside. We had these massive movie screens outside so those people that couldn't get in could see.

He had 502 people. The next day in the news the "new york times" guy wrote a story that he thinks that he had more people than me. Can you believe this?

So dis honest. And most of them just had two massive crowds. Well his crowd was not massive. He had like 502 people according to the people that count the crowd.

So we have a very bum press but that's okay, because we're here, and they're not. [applause] very dishonest people. And maybe it will change. You know.

What's wrong with having a strong military? Good education ? A strong economy?

I don't get it. I don't get it. The hatred is incredible, but let's just keep it going because that's the way it is. [applause] but the great betrayal of the American middle class ended the day that I took the oath of office, because I'm with you. I'm with you. And there are those that say, even the fake news media, there are those that say, it was the greatest day in the political history of this country.

It was the great election. And it continues, you know because they keep trying to take it away. That's not working too well. That's not working, but think of it. I mean hillary clinton is still going up.

I think they stole the election. No, she lost. The next time, no, no, the next time the next time she's gotta go to wisconsin to campaign. You be it hadn't been lost in decades. The people are great in wisconsin.

You have to go there and campaign. The people said you'll be okay. The Republican haven't won the great state of wisconsin in decades.

Gotta go there, I went there a lot. And her husband bill, they didn't listen to him. He said you better go to wisconsin. You better go to michigan. I'm seeing a lot of things out there. I see a lot of signs, trump/ pence.

Mike pence, is he doing a good job both? [applause] and his wife karen is doing a good job. But I see a lot of trump-pence signs on the lawn. And they said what does he know. Well he's a pro.

He knew a lot more than their analysts, you have to go and work, and we're starting in a couple of weeks, officially. I got to the white House two and a half years ago. And the first night I stood on the area of the beautiful residence they call it.

I said melania, do you believe this? It's going to be so long. It seems like four years would never happen. And now we're a year and a half away, less. Think o of it, how time flies.

Especially when, despite the obstacles and the artificial things they put in your path. Especially when you love what you're doing, and more fortunately I love the results of what's happening, because you hear them. So I just announced we will increase tariffs in China. And we won't back down until China stops cheating our workers and stealing our jobs.

Otherwise we don't have to do business with them. We can make the product right here if we have to. Like we used it. [applause] like we used to. The era of economic surrender is over.

The last administration also signed a disastrous trade deal with South Korea that cost our country 100,000 jobs but it was nearly 250,000 jobs. And our President At the time said this will give 250,000 jobs , and he and she were right. Except it was for South Korea, not for us. It's a loser. And we totally renegotiated the korea trade deals to restore these jobs.

And rescue the American at o auto industry because that was going to be a tremendous -- that deal is done. South Korea. And right before I came into office, our nation was being signed up for a one-sided single sell-out like you've never seen of the American worker and I said it's not going to happen. The transpacific partnership was going to destroy our automobile industry like you've never seen before.

And our automobile industry is pouring back into our country. [applause] and today, for the people of the great state of ohio, remember, you have to win the great state of ohio. Boy did we win it.

We won it by like nine points. It's a great state. So everyone is coming back in. Toyota is coming in. Hobbed honda is coming in. Our General Motors announced three big plans 450 workers, 750 million, but the big announcement is in lordstown ohio.

They're going to be selling that plant to workhorse it's called. They make electric trucks, because the enemy, with all of the companies pouring into michigan. All of the companies pouring into florida, north carolina, south carolina, ohio, with all of these companies they kept hitting me with lordstown because General Motors closed it well they did the right thing they sold it to a company that's going to do a great job with that beautiful plant and that happened a little while ago. They'll be spending a lot of money on fixing it up. It's single to the uaw, they have to get out there and make a deal uaw, gotta make a deal.

But that's a great thing. That was the only thing they could hit me with. They could never hit me with anything. But they say what about lords town, I call up mary -- can you open it up or make a deal. Today she called they're going to be opening, there will be a great company going there, it is going to be wonderful.

And another historic action we finalized an agreement to replace the horrible nafta trade deal with the brand new u.s., mc a like the song. The u.s. Mca will mean countless more jobs for florida farmers, ranchers and growers and manufacturers, but while we're unleashing a unprecedented wave of prosperity. The Democrat party is trying to return us to the failures of yesterday. They want to have things rejected because they're all waiting for 2020.

They think the more they can hurt us, the worse they make us look. I think they're making us look better personally. I really do. I really do. [applause] I mean they want to do investigations instead of investments.

They want to do what they're doing, which looks so foolish, and maybe I read it wrong. But, I think it drives us right on to victory in 2020. Those people get it. People get it. But our country, the great usa is not being pushed around anymore.

Nothing is more dangerous than the Democrat crazy immigration agenda. Democrat believe that everyone in the world has the right to violate our borders. They want open borders. Disrespect our laws. [booing] and come into our country and collect benefits, courtesy of the United States taxpayer, thank you very much. [booing] right?

So despite the fact, and you see the hell we're going through to try to get the wall. Which, by the way, works. They say we want to give him drones, and technology.

Without the wall nothing works, folks. You know that. So we're going to have 400 miles of wall built. Much of it is already started by the end of next year. And we'll conclude it pretty shortly thereafter.

We'll have the whole thing sealed up, and it will be a lot easier. It's very tough when you have the worst laws on immigration, the worst loopholes, you catch somebody and then you have to release them. It's a wonderful plan. Migration you come in and you bring your whole damn family, and if you're no good you have people all over the place.

This is chain migration. The other one is visa lottery. It's a lottery. Who is coming to the United States?

So these countries put people in a basket like little -- who is it? Who is it? Let's see, that's beautiful. Isn't he like a stone-cold kill er. Tell me, if the United States is accepting people under a lottery system, compliments of chuck schumer, if they're accepting people under a lottery system, do you actually think the country is giving us their finest? No.

No. They're giving us some rough people. I won't say it.

If you remember what when I made the speech at the base of trump tower, I talked about what's happening. I mention the word race. I was absolutely, by the fake news media -- they went after it guess what? That speech was so mild compared to what's actually happening, that you read it today, and it's like unbelievable. But Democrat say they care about the poor. But they're open-border policies drive down wages.

Drain social services, and hurt the poorest americans more than anybody else. And the crime that comes in is unbelievable. They don't read it. They don't want to talk about it sanctuary cities is a total disaster. Residence Republican believe you the American citizen have the absolute right to have your laws and borders enforced and enforced strongly. It's your country.

[applause] we believe that our welfare program should be protected for truly needy americans, not for illegal aliens that come into our country illegally. [applause] we believe that our immigration system should put the jobs in and safety of American families first. We want to help people, and be gracious. And we want and need people frankly, because we have so many companies moving into our country. They want to move their plants. They have to come in through merit, we need people coming in through merit.

Last month alone, 100,000 illegal aliens were apprehended at our borders. You know what that is? They catch them, they take the name, they have to bring them to a court. They take them to a court, then they have to release them. We have tens of thousands of people in detention basis.

They can't release them. We did win a great courseicate last night. Go back to mexico.

[applause] and I told mexico very nicely, that you can't let people walk 2,000 miles up your country, because if we do that we're going to close our border. If we have anymore we're going to close our border. I don't think what it's called, we'll close our border.

So mexico now, for the first time has been taking people back to honduras, and guatemala. And el salvador, and other countries. And for the first time, not big enough numbers, but they're getting bigger. They're getting bigger.

We can't have this folks. We can't have this. This is crazy what's happening. And what we really need more than anything else, we need to loopholes closed by Congress. [applause] it would take 15 minutes.

Everybody knows what they are. Asylum. Asylum. They walk in, they read a statement written by a lawyer t border who probably gets paid by somebody who is not exactly friendly to this crowd. I am very fearful of my life.

My country is a very frightening place to be. Please help me. In the meantime there's tattoos all over his face. And I say no, no, he's the one that causes the fight. And he comes in and talks about his country. But then they have a picture of him 5 days sooner walking up flying the national flag of their country.

So if he's so afraid of his country why is he flying the flag of the country? [applause] . Incredible, but they don't mind. Tolerate a massive organized and running for office without an ironclad pledge shouldn't be allowed to run. To confront this crisis you fall two months ago I declared a national emergency which is what it is.

[inaudible] speech if hundreds of thousands of people a year across the southern border they better be careful because people are wise to it now. They have labs and factories right along the border. They said they drive right through it because we have a thousand miles miles of the pacific. A lot of that you don't need the wall because nobody's walking through certain areas.

[laughter] what we need we can't do this, they can't let this happen. Mexico made $100 billion on average the last ten years, 100 billion. They took 10% of the automobile business and send them through the United States. That won't happen again. [applause] [cheering] on the current immigration crisis as a result of the democratic backed policies that prevent them from being swiftly returned home. You say sorry we are taking you home but we are the only one that has judges.

We need. Mason. It's crazy.

Will you have border security people that are brave and great. With. How do you stop these people. [laughter] is. Democrat even support the sanctuary cities that release dangerous criminal aliens onto the streets.

Republican believe the country should be a sanctuary for the law-abiding americans, not criminal aliens. [applause] [cheering] human traffickers, have you seen what they are doing, this is an ancient saying bigger now because of the computer, the internet band ever before worldwide. Most come through where we don't have a wall. They don't go through the ports of entry you have people looking inside and you can do that.

If you have women tied up with tape over their mouths you can't take them through a port of entry and a lot of these people say they come through the port, they don't, they come through areas you don't have people. We have the sanctuary cities and replace the visa system with immigration we have to do it. I've never heard of anything like what's going on. I want to run so badly I want this race to start immediately. Now Democrat are pushing a 100 trillion-dollar takeover of the u.s. Economy known as the green new deal.

That was written up by a genius. They believe in socialism, take a look at venezuela Republican believe in freedom. We need to get the senators elected, we need congressmen and women elected, Republican, we need to get the votes you've got to get out there otherwise we will be playing around for too long. [applause] and Democrat. The baby is born if you wrap the baby beautifully and to the mother about the possible execution of the baby.

Can't do that. So that came up and that's now something that they don't even want to discuss. They don't even want to discuss it and to protect innocent lives, I called on Congress to immediately pass legislation prohibiting extreme late-term abortion. [applause] [cheering] it's the party for all americans and we want to make America great again. That's what we are doing.

[applause] [cheering] will you please show these people. I know you hear it. You can hear how many people, but they never show it. [applause] it's like a florida football game.

We are the party of the American workers, the American family, and the party of the American dream. We have actually given you more promises than a couple of opponents said this, they were not happy about it please given more promises than we said we would do. To defend free speech on college campuses. The social media giants, all other voices. And we are also taking steps to address the judicial overreach.

Activist judges whose issued -- that's right. We did a big thing and the Democrat hate that I did this. Bill clinton when he was President Because activist judges to issue a nationwide injunctions based on their personal beliefs undermine democracy and threatened the rule of law. In the criminal justice reform nobody thought it could be done, and we passed it.

It is tough and also fair. Appointing the judges to interpret the constitution and we just confirmed 100 federal judges. [applause] not to mention two great supreme court judges. [applause] we have the supreme court justices and having them up there makes me feel good about your country, doesn't it?

We have launched the initiative to reduce the price of prescription drugs. Last year, prescription drug prices went down for the first time in nearly 51 years. Just today we announced the drug companies will be required by law. We are vastly expanding affordable alternatives before we terminate and replace it with something good once we take over the House, the Senate and the presidency together.

[applause] and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. The Republican party will always protect patients with pre-existing condition people with pre-existing conditions. As for the veterans we passed the choice. Three weeks, ten days, four days people that were not sick, terminally ill before they get to see a doctor they go outside to get themselves fixed up and re- payed the bill and it's a great thing for the veterans that have been trying to get it passed for 44 years. We got it passed.

[applause] [cheering] we also passed 46 years. In the va accountability you couldn't fire anybody and they were terrible. They could be statistics, they could do anything. We had no way of ironing these people and now we passed the va accountability. That case is was against the unions and civil service.

They are unlocking American energy. The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world. We are flushing the delays for the vital infrastructure. It would take years to get it approved and we voted it down to make its one-year we are close to getting that.

There was a certain road in certain states they were working on for 21 years because it cost hundreds of times more money and used to be a straight line but now it's a line like this. If you have a couple of drinks you had a bad shot of making it home. It cost a fortune. Now we are trying to get it down to one year and it gets rejected for environmental reasons but you have people that work on projects almost for their entire life and then they go to the counseling and blues 3-to you may get rejected that it's going to take a year.

We are trying to get the process for the roads, highways, bridges, tunnels, everything. No reason it should be taking 20 years. And as a promise we have directed at alien dollars to fix lake okeechobee. Everybody wanted that done. Both the governors, the last governor and current governor wanted that done so with the army corps of engineers doing a fantastic job getting it done and it will now be completed in three years way ahead of schedule.

And I was out there eight weeks ago and it was incredible. Earlier this year I signed legislation providing $100 million to fight the red tie that harms the regions especially in florida. The red tide we are going to get rid of it and to keep America safe we are rebuilding like never before including 133 million. Trust me, it is a good thing for you showed the league cup. 133 million it is needed so badly and it will be quickly completed.

Many other enhancements in the great state of florida to help the wonderful warriors that are doing such and couple job as an example at the england air force base. Great people. We've made a decisive break from the failed foreign-policy establishment and surrendered the jobs that tied us down to endless foreign wars. About eight weeks ago we took 100% of the caliphate.

It was supposed to take two years. That doesn't mean they are not going to go around. These people are stone cold crazy. It doesn't mean they were going around blowing up the store. But we took 100% and then I took over this great country, we were way beyond. I showed the map within a short [cheering] of time it was wiped out 100%.

It's a mental condition. Always keep your eyes open and be careful and let law enforcement know when you see something. Because we have the greatest law enforcement on earth. [applause] everything we do we are putting America first. For years we've lost in so many different ways we were losing on trade and getting beaten by people that had no chance. We were insisting they were supposed to pay we were taken over spending almost 100% to protect the countries in NATO.

On top of that it's all changing, folks. $100 billion extra was just giving by those countries that are pouring into NATO because they said you've got to pay a. The past presidents and we would talk about it. You ought to see. Now it is like a chart like a rocket ship. They are paying up $100 million.

100 billion with a b.. Last month I announced that my administration is on signing the treaty which is great for the second amendment. We love our second amendment.

[applause] [cheering] we will never allow foreign bureaucrats to travel on that very precious second amendment and the rights under the second amendment. I also moved from the horrible air on a clear day and I felt compelled to authorize because I hope to be able at some point maybe it won't happen, it possibly won't commit to sit down and work out a fair deal. The United States would recognize the sovereignty over the height that is a big deal. [applause] [cheering] the Middle East is a dangerous place. And of the socialist brutality of the regime. [applause] and our hearts are united with the people of venezuela and many of the relatives that are here with us tonight.

The people of cuba and the people of nicaragua and the struggle to be free. Each of us in this great arena. We are all united by the same timeless values and belief in the American constitution and the rule of law. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life and religious liberty, the right to free speech and the right to keep and bear arms we believe that mothers and fathers not government regulators know best how to raise our children and keep our country's values.

And we believe in the words of our national motto in God we trust. [applause] [cheering] these are the values that unite people in the panhandle. We love the panhandle. Do you all of the panhandle, I think so.

You are incredible people, I tell you. You are smart, loyal. All across the magnificent state of florida and all over the country, you joined the movement because you rejected the failures and the betrayals of the past politicians. You stared down a corrupt system that enriched itself at your expense. The system is rigged I used to say it is still the lots more. We are getting rid of it rapidly, folks.

You reclaim your destiny and defended your dignity and took back your country. You've always been loyal to the nation and now you finally have a President That is loyal to you you. [applause] [cheering] think of that, november 3, but we are going to keep working and fighting and we are going to keep on winning remember I used to tell the story that the governor would come to see me and winning in california. They would say pleased in the oval office please, we are winning too much. We are not used to this, mr. President.

We are not used to this. For years we have been losing and now we are winning so much that people can't stand spending so much can you maybe pull it back a little bit, mr. President and I said no, I can't. He said I thought you would say that we are going to keep winning. We've never been winning like we are winning now. You've never had better numbers.

I think more loyalty. You look at what's happening to the state and what's happening to this country and we are proud again. We are going to stand for liberty and we are going to stand for justice. We are going to stand for faith, family and freedom and we are going to stand for the sacred rights given to us by the hand of our almighty God. We are one united movement, one united people and one United States of America and together with the people of the panhandle and the people of florida potomac America wealthy again.

We will make America strong again. We will make America great again. Thank you, florida.