ID: CSPANDT811201923
Title: President Trump Remarks at "Black Voices for Trump" Rally
Date: 2019-11-08

we go live now to atlanta where in just a few minutes, President Trump plans to launch his campaign at the black voices for trump coalition. Vp pence: this nation will always honor the service and sacrifice that they represent. [cheering and applause] vp pence: today, the tradition continues. Today more than 222,000 african-americans are serving our country in the uniform of the United States, and in support of all the men and women of our armed forces, President Donald trump is already signed the largest increase in our national defense since the days of ronald reagan.

[cheering and applause] including the largest pay raise for our armed forces in more than 10 years. [cheering and applause] on this eve of veterans day weekend, thanks to the leadership from President Donald trump, our veterans including 2.5 million african-American veterans, finally have access to the real-time, world-class health care that you earned in the uniform of the United States. [cheering and applause] we have reformed the v.a.

And veterans choices now available for every veteran in America. [cheering and applause] I can tell looking at this crowd that there is more than a few men and women who have warned the uniform who are here. If you served in our armed forces, would you put your hand in the air and let us show our thanks to you one more time. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your service. The truth is, our military is stronger.

Every community in this nation. That is why we are here. Beyond security, this President Promised to get the American economy working again for every American. Man, did President Donald trump deliver. [cheering and applause] right out of the gate, the President Went to work to get this economy rolling again.

It is amazing to think the most powerful economy had not grown by more than 2% for the last eight years and the last administration. President trump went straight to work. We cut taxes across the board for working families and businesses. We rollback regulation at a historic level. We have unleashed American energy, and America will now soon be a net exporter of energy for the first time in 75 years. [cheering and applause] this President Has stood the strong for a free and fair trade for American jobs and put American workers first.

With a strong support of Senator Tim scott, we have created nearly 9000 opportunity zones bringing billions of dollars of investment to inner-city communities across America. [applause] the result, the American economy is booming. From election day three years ago today, businesses large and small have created 607 million jobs including 1.2 million jobs for african-americans. Three years ago today, the unemployment rate for african americans over 8%. Today, the unemployment rate for african-americans is the lowest level ever recorded in the history of this country and the black poverty rate is at the lowest level ever. [cheering and applause] the American dream is working again for every American.

The stock market is soaring, strengthening the pensions and retirement of americans across the country. It is an incredible record of success for every American. It is a record that we know that black voices for trump is going to be able to carry to every community, and every state in this nation.

President trump also promised. He also promises to stand for a law and order in every community in this land. This President Promised to stand with the men and women who serve on the thin blue line of law enforcement including more than 100,000 african-American law enforcement officer is who served today. , officers who serve today. [cheering and applause] President Donald trump delivered. As I stand before you, violent crime is down.

Under the president's leadership, we are waging an unprecedented fight against opioid abuse in America. Last year for the first time in over a decade, opioid deaths are on the decline in America. We are making progress. [cheering and applause] it has been about standing with the men and women of law enforcement.

It is about standing for law and order. It is about making progress. It is also advancing the cause of justice.

After years of one administration after another just talking about it, President Donald trump delivered criminal justice reform and the first step act is now the law of the land. [cheering and applause] the truth is, President Trump promised to defend the rule of law. This President Promised to defend the rule of law. In a poll, all the rights of every American enshrined in the founding documents of this country and once again, the President Delivered. This President Has already appointed more than 150 principled judges to our federal courts at every level, including justice neil gorsuch and justice brett kavanaugh.

[cheering and applause] I can tell you firsthand, having met so many of these men and women, they are all principled, conservatives who will defend all of the God-given liberties enshrined in our constitution, like the freedom of religion. The freedom of speech. And the second amendment to write to keep and bear arms. [cheering and applause] at a time when 1/3 of all abortions in this country end the life of unborn african-americans, I could not be more proud to stand with a President And a party that stands without apology for the sanctity of human life.

[cheering and applause] so it is about security. It is about prosperity and jobs. It is about life. And liberty.

For african-americans and every American. Those of you are gathered at this historic launch of black voices for trump, that is our message, and we are going to carry that message across this land. That America is safe again.

America is prosperous again. The truth is for african-americans in every American, we have made America great again. [cheering and applause] but the keep America great, we need all of you to lend your voices. Black voices for trump, everyone across this country to carried the message to every community to tell our fellow americans of every race and creed and country that african-americans in every , and every America need four more years of President Donald trump in the white House. [cheering and applause] chanting '4 more years'] vp pence: thank you for allowing me to join you for the special kickoff. This is a special day.

It speaks about the reach of this movement all across this country. I see it everywhere I go. Americans from every background of every walk of life. See in this President The kind of leadership that has made America safe again and made America prosperous again. It is inspiring to see all of you gathered here for this historic kickoff.

I thank you for the honor of being with you today. I truly do. [cheering and applause] vp pence: I want to encourage each one of you. I want you to go from here with confidence and faith. Though with confidence that America is winning again.

Because of the leadership of President Donald trump in the white House, and all of our allies in every level of government. Go with confidence as you carry this message to every American in every community. Go with confidence that history is on our side. Remember the proud heritage of the Republican party.

With african-americans. Ours is the party that was born in equality of opportunity. The first Republican president, abraham lincoln, signed the emancipation proclamation, ended slavery, won the civil war, and set our country on the pass to a more perfect union. [cheering and applause] the first three african-americans elected to the United States Senate were Republican. The first 21 african-americans elected to the House of representatives were Republican.

It was a Republican president, teddy roosevelt, who invited booker t. Washington to be the first african-American to dine at the white House. It was a Republican President Who put an end to separate but equal, that sending federal troops to protect the little rock 9. And I could not be more proud to be a part of an administration and standing with a President Who has renewed our party's proud commitment to equality of opportunity for all. [cheering and applause] that is why black voices for trump is so important. I want to encourage you to bring all of your enthusiasm, bring the story of what this President Has done for this community and for every American.

Be ready to volunteer. Be ready to lend your voice. The election year is upon us. An election day is less than one year away.

Most of all, I would encourage you to get out there and tell the story. America is standing tall in the world again, the military stronger than ever before, our God-given liberties more secure and protected than ever. Tell them how we have expanded opportunities like never before and tell them how we share their values. Tell them how the Republican party is their party. Tell them the Republican party is where they belong and finally, have faith. Have faith in this President Who I serve alongside every single night and who has never stopped fighting to keep that promise he made three years ago today to be President For every American.

Have faith in our fellow americans, have faith in your neighbors and friends in look at results and promises made and promises kept and tell them the story of what the President Has done for them and their families in the future and finally, have the faith that has always been synonymous with the historic african-American community in this country since before our nation's founding to this very day. I have the great privilege of , with their georgia Congressman John lewis. We went there to mark the anniversary of bloody sunday and reenacted that march across the bridge.

I had my wife and children with me. Those a day I'll never forget. We gathered and had a worship service in like they have done 35 years earlier, we walked to the bridge and as we were walking up, there was an old pastor named dr. F d reis and I was walking with him. For those of you who have been there, the bridge is actually steep and you have to walk up to the middle before you can see the other side and the pastor told me they had walked to the top of the bridge and when they reached the top they looked down and saw a sea of flashing lights and police and mounted officers and I looked at him as we looks down on the scene 45 years later , I said to him did you think about turning back?

He smiled the way waldman sometimes smile and he said we had all prayed and decided to go on regardless and so they did. When that march was over, the brutality of that moment would inspire the passage of the voting rights act and help transform this nation into a more perfect union because of their courage and because of their faith. When it was all over our looked at dr. Reese and stuck my hand out for what they done for the country and he looked at me one more time and smiled. He said don't think me or what we did here, God did something here.

That is paid , faith. That is the faith of this community. Faith that generations of african-americans have gone through for centuries.

It is still driving us today to a more perfect union. Faith that where the spirit of the lord is, there is liberty. That means freedom always winds , wins and if we put our trust in him, we will see our way through these challenging times and reach more americans than ever before and we will renew and strengthen as never before this one nation under God, indivisible with liberty and justice for all. Men and women, I'm going to get out of the way and let you hear from the one you came to hear.

Have confidence, have faith. We have work to do in less than one year to do it. I'm confident that if we do what we can between now and election day 2020, we will deliver another great victory for every American come november 2020. We will make America safer than ever before, make America more prosperous than ever before.

With your hard work and telling our story to every community, we will put President Trump back in the white House for four more years and we will keep America [inaudible] thank you very much. God bless you and God bless America. (music) (music) (music) thank you very much and thank you for your courage to be here because in a society we live here today, it takes a lot of courage to say you are supporting President Trump and it is quite interesting how people have tried to manipulate people and how to intimidate people and change their minds.

This has been going on. You go back since the dave's , the days of slavery. They told the ones in the House they were better than the ones in the yard and the ones in the yard better than the ones in the field and on and on it went trying to divide people today, they say if you are a conservative, then you are somehow an uncle tom, a horrible person, a demon, what a bunch of craft , crap.

I'm very happy to see you have the courage to come out. It does not bother me anymore because I only worry what God thinks. Sometimes people ask me come up , ask me, what happens to you , what happened to you? You've changed.

[no audio] and then to new haven, connecticut and then to baltimore, a bastion of liberalism. Then I did something that liberals are never supposed to do. I listened to a conservative, I listened to ronald reagan. I said he does not sound like a horrible, racist person, he sounds just like my mother and at that point I started thinking for myself. It made a big difference in my medical career too. That is the reason that God gave us these conflicts , complex brains.

For God give you something like that so you can be a sheep and follow someone else or to think for yourself? Don't you find it fascinating that so many people say the President Is a racist? It seems like some years ago, jesse jackson gave an award in new york city because he opened up some money opportunities for black people. Is that what a racist does? He is the one who finally got a second chance at [indiscernible] when he took office, he brought the office of hbcus that could get more money than ever, opportunities so people could take the money and directed to the places where people do not have opportunities before, and economy or you have the lowest unemployment rates for black people in history and it goes on and on. Let me tell you something.

If the is a racist, he's a awfully bad one. He needs to get a lesson from the real racists were people say because of your skin color you have to think a certain way, those are the real racists. The President Believes that a rising tides , rising tide lifts all.

The media likes to pick on him, any little thing. He's not perfect. The only one who was perfect was jesus and they crucified him.

We need to look at the big picture and all the incredible things happening in the missionaries. Talk to your family, talk to your friends. If all they're doing is looking at certain media, they don't even know all the things that he has done and so they perpetrate this horrible image of him being a bad person. I try to work with them all the time.

During the campaign when we were having a debate and I cannot hear my name, I was stood there , I stood there. I was , I could not hear my name. I stood there and he was only one who waited until they straight without , straightened it out. Ladies and gentlemen, donald trump.

(music) thank you. What a group. Thank you. I want to thank you all.

It is a big crowd of people. I want to thank ben carson for the introduction and for doing such a great job and Vice president Mike pence. Always a great gentlemen, great man.

Glad to be here to launch our new blacks for trump. African-americans for trump, call it whatever you want. What do you prefer? We are doing well, we have our best employment numbers. The support we are getting from the african-American community has been overwhelming and I want to thank each and everyone of you for your courage and devotion.

2016, there was a movement of a lot of people and you made a good , made up a good portion of that. I hear you knocking them all over the place, it is the way it is supposed to work. With your help, we're going to travel across the country to every community and campaign for every last african-American vote in 2020.

From the beginning of the campaign, we took on the washington lobbyists and special interests. They come at you, but we are winning like no one has ever one before. We took on the corrupt media and political establishment that has failed the african-American community for decades and we are starting to learn things that we never thought were possible.

Exactly three years ago tonight, the people spoke in we took our country back and that is what is happening. We won an extraordinary victory for all americans and one year from now we will win another incredible victory and we will do it from a groundswell of support from african-American patriots. Altogether, we have never done better. The Republican party was the original home of african-americans and now african-americans are returning.

It was a 100 year trip and coming back to the Republican party, people forget in lincoln was Republican. We are going to make 2020 chance a make it a chance that you take . When I first came out and started talking about vote for me, that was taking a chance because I was not a politician. Now everything has come true much more so.

We're going to look into the numbers and make 2020 a year of change in the black community. Together, we will make America greater than ever before. You are a big part of what is going on. We're glad to be joined by harrison ford , harrison floyd. Where is harrison?

He did not even get a good location. Harrison, thank you very much. Great job you are doing and herman cain and pastor darrell scott. Thank you. , p are. This guy, I said is he really a pastor?

, darrell, come up here. This guy, I said is he really a pastor? He is tough. I appreciate you being here. A very special thanks to someone who has been with us right from the beginning, katrina.

One of the first people I met. I said I'm thinking about running and she said it was a good idea and I guess it was because here we are. Great job you have done. And a very special woman who is constantly defending me. We are delighted to be joined by former governor sonny purdue.

He has given away a lot of the money from China. He is the Secretary Of agriculture and he has done an incredible job. Thank you.

And we have Senator David purdue . Where is he? I want to thank you because you have been so instrumental. When we were campaigning, georgia was not doing good and now it is doing phenomenal. We want to thank the governor, brian.

The state is doing much better than it was. Brian kemp, a lot better. You are incredible people and we have a couple of warriors that are incredible and have been rep from the beginning. They help us with all the witchhunts.

We have representative rick allen. Representative, meaning Congressman Barney carter. Jody heise, you know. And a warrior like the people have ever seen before. I watched him and a lot of people were very nervous when he started going after everyone. She has been incredible and he's also a special man, Congressman Doug collins.

Great job. Thank you. We also have a first lady at this.

You have a first lady in jordan , georgia named marty camp , kemp. Life is not so easy for brian, he is working all the time. Lieutenant governor jeff duncan, former tour of player by the way. Attorney General Chris carr, thanks. And the attorney General Elective of kentucky is here.

We had a great kentucky, but got no credit for it. Really works hard and , work hard and almost one. We brought him up 19 points in the media said that was a bad night for trump. We won five of the six races.

The first african-American attorney General For kentucky. Daniel, he won by a lot. A lot of fun from the net before.

You set a record for what you are running for. When I ran for office three years ago, I looked at the fiscal record of the Democrat and asked the african-American community what do you have to lose? I came off the stage and they say I don't think they are going to like that. I said I read a list.

Last in the economy, last in wages, [inaudible] I hate to say this, I do my worst work off script and I do my best off script and it makes things exciting. It was a very important statement to be made. Then I made you a pledge that whether you voted for me or not, I would be your greatest champion and you did. You came out, we did very well. I came not as a politician. I came as a businessman /television star.

We had a lot of fun with the apprentice and I said we are going to do a job. I do not know about. They see what we have done with judges.

We have picked 157 and will be at 180 soon. I said how many, they said 142. Two great supreme court judges. To create , two great justices of the supreme court and we will be looking at that whole situation with judges because we've a lot coming. There are some saying the most important thing you do, I say military and defense. We have totally rebuilt our military.

We did a big number on the got it last week , al-baghdadi last week. They were playing games , they weren't playing games. They did not go through the door. I'm watching this like you watch a movie and they boom, boom. I said why don't they walked through the front door? They said booby-traps.

It makes sense. He killed a lot of people. He was the founder of ISIS.

Then we took out his second and we have our eyes on his third. I vow to fight for your families and your future. Ever single one was the worst. They had statistics saying this is bad and we took care of it.

Night have some of the best numbers you have. For decades, Democrat have taken african-American voters for granted. I think 100 years.

When detroit last had a Republican mayor in 1962, it had a strong, beautiful economy and afternoon of the 60 years of crooked democratic rule, it is one of the poor cities in America. It was one of the most successful cities in America. Philadelphia, the poverty rate doubled.

The city has had a Democrat mayor every year since 1952. Nationwide, 58% of murder victims under the age of 22 are african-americans. They want your vote then forget about you for four years, six years, two years or whatever it may be. Idea with them all the time. This guy adam schiff, he is a crooked politician. Nancy pelosi go back to san francisco with all the problems.

Of all the washington sellout that have boarded , that have wounded. The betrayal of the black community is unbelievable. Democrat vowed to defeat of special interest and schools, there were schools of anybody in the country by far. It is not even close.

They shipped your jobs overseas, horrible trade deals. We cannot get nancy pelosi to approve you mca , umca. Democrat opened borders to ruthless gangs, mass immigration was hurts , which hurts the black community. They passed crime bills that hurt your community.

It is amazing that you have stayed so [indiscernible] to be honest. Nobody knows why. Under this in ministration, all of that has changed and it is changing even faster.

We are doing , undoing the damage inflicted by Democrat rule in creating new prosperity. We have done more for african-americans in three years than the broken washington establishment has done in more than 30 years. We have created 6.7 million new jobs since the election, a number that if I would've said to the fake news media. If I said that during the campaign, I would have been excoriated.

Last month, the african-American unemployment rate reached the lowest level ever recorded in the history of our country. How do you lose that argument in a debate? The african-American youth unemployment, it was 60%, 70%, has now reached the lowest number ever recorded in the history of our country. The african-American poverty rate has reached an all-time historic low. For the first time ever, most new hires are minorities and women. Wages are rising really fast, up 9% since the election, a number that was unthinkable in their rising fastest for low income workers.

Who would have thought this would happen? Almost 2.5 million americans have been lifted out of poverty including 150,000 african-American children. That is a lot. When I hear 150,000, a lot of people don't know what it means. It means we fill the yankee stadium three times. We have cut a record number of job destroying regulations and even though we have been here for a short while, we passed a massive tax cuts, saving the typical family $2000 year and my administration has provided more than $8 billion in contracts and financing to minority owned small businesses which have , has resulted in 20,000 brand-new beautiful jobs.

With us today our calpine engineer looking , kelvin king. He's a graduate of the United States air force academy where he was also an all-conference football player. Today, they own a General Contracting business. Please come up and say a few words. He looks so happy.

He should be. Thank you. Thank you.

That is beautiful. Thank you very much. Every day we are reversing trade policies that have shattered black middle-class citizens. [no audio] one in four manufacturing jobs held by african-americans were totally gone. In the last three decades, 27% of all manufacturing jobs, philadelphia lost 74%, but the days of shipping American jobs overseas is over. 10,000 plants are being opened in the United States since we took over.

On behalf of african-americans in all americans, we are now putting America first. We are standing up to abuses and replacing the nafta catastrophe, a giant victory for farmers and manufacturers from coast-to-coast. The do-nothing Democrat have come up with that name.

I don't think , they go let's impeach him, let's , we can't be him, so let's impeach him. Good idea. The do-nothing Democrat are blocking the vote on the usmca. They would rather hurt their political opponents been hurt , help black constituents. We have added nearly 10,000 new factories in three years and we are just getting started will stop everybody wants to be in the usa.

We are the hot place with the hottest economy by far anywhere in the world. To keep jobs in America, I withdrew from the harris climate accord. Democrat wanted to invest in projects and I wanted to invest in black American communities. So true. Thank you very much.

They all go back, see he wants to be a dictator. These people are crazy. We created 9000 opportunities, south carolina was incredible. 8 million african-americans live in opportunities that every Democrat voted against. The Republican got it passed, not easy.

We had no votes from Democrat and now Democrat say we have made a mistake and they will never admit that publicly. I said tim scott , tim scott your senators were incredible. It has been incredible. Nobody ever thought that could happen to the extent it has happened, to draw investment to these communities, we slashed the capital gains tax to zero because people were coming in with iris money and now they are thrilled to come in with more. Property values have skyrocketed and values are up 20%, 30%.

We are proud to be joined by an army veteran and small business owner. He is building a new concrete plan to support the future home of the brand-new f-35 fighter jets and I will be in alabama tomorrow watching a football game. That will be a good game I think will stop , good game I think. Come on up and say a few words.

What a job. He is doing so well in the concrete business, I don't think he wants to be a politician politician what a great job. After my election, I heard from countless african-American leaders.

They asked me to get involved in a cause that is dear to many of them. In this room, I see so many of you, for whom it was so important, that is criminal justice reform. Last year, with the help of jared. Stand up. He was incredible.

They have been trying to do it for many years, they never came close. Including the last administration. I don't know if they tried. They didn't even try. They knew they weren't going to try because they knew they were going to get it.

We need to rollback the unjust provisions of the 1994 clinton crime law, which was so unfair to your community. Which severely and disproportionately harmed african-American people. We're are also advancing second chance hiring to get rehabilitated citizens with a criminal record back to the job. One of the things we have going for us.

The economy is so good we are giving chances today that years ago, you would not have. People are so happy. Employers, people that pay the check every week. They are so happy with the result. They cannot believe it.

They listed as an opportunity where it has been for 30 years, why haven't we been doing this. We say higher American, we mean higher all americans. , higer , hire American, we mean hire all americans. The last two years, murders in America's major cities have dropped by more than 10%. To protect the church role of historically black colleges and universities, we increased federal funding for hbcus by over $100 million.

[applause] they do a great job. Some needed some help. They do a great job. We can't lose them. We are delivering results for the african-americans. The hard left of regrets have been doing nothing for years.

For three straight years, they have been obsessed with one goal, overturning the votes of the 2016 rigged election that we had. If you think about it, overturning in American democracy. First it was the Russia hoax. That was the mueller report. The biggest lie ever perpetrated among the , upon the American people.

Russia, give me a break. It felt better because I saw them two weeks ago, hillary clinton said, that jill stein, the head of the green party, that will see gabbard, I don't know her, but they said they were russian operatives. That they are involved with Russia.

I don't know either of these women, but I know they are not involved with Russia. When they said it about me, it me too used to get out of it. It within two minutes.

People said, we think she is nuts. Deranged, hyper partisan impeachment witchhunt, a sinister effort to nullify the balance of 63 million patriotic americans. It's all a hoax. Democrat are willing to destroy the foundations of our society.

And the pillars of our justice system and judicial system. In their craven pursuit of power and money. Imagine if Democrat put 10% of the energy they devote to attacking me and my administration, to instead making this a better country for african-American citizens. Can you imagine what they could do? They don't care, but we do.

That's really the truth. I think you are learning that quickly. With Republican in Congress, we are fighting for school choice. We believe in America, no. Should ever be forced to send their child out the door, to a failing government school.

It should happen. That should not happen. , should not happen.

They only want to use radical socialism and they want to open borders so anyone can come in. They have bad people wanting to come in. We have strengthened the borders. We need votes to get rid of loopholes. They are called loopholes. Democrat want to give free health care to illegal aliens, courtesy of you, the American taxpayer.

Republican believe public benefits should be protected for americans. For the money we spent on illegal aliens, we could rebuild our adversities , our inner cities, fix our terrible public schools. Instead, Democrat want to redistribute your wealth all over the world, to places you've never heard of.

Every day, Democrat sanctuary cities are releasing dangerous criminal aliens and gang members like ms 13 onto your streets. Publicans believe our cities should be sanctuaries for law-abiding americans, not criminal aliens. Last year, Democrat even shut down the government, to preserve benefits for illegal immigrants, never have they fought that hard to do anything for the african-American community.

They don't fight that way. I see them. I am with them. They don't fight for the african-American community. They would rather have the legal aliens come in, health care, schools, I jokingly said once, rolls-royce is, every illegal immigrant gets an , a rolls-royce. The media said they all get rolls-royce's.

This is a lie. These people are the worst. They don't give them rolls-royce's.

They give them just short of that. Democrat care more about illegal aliens than african-American citizens or our military. Or citizens all over. They care more, african-americans become , care more , african-americans have become forgotten americans.

Under my administration, you have seen what we have been able to do. They are forgotten no longer. Radical Democrat are waging an all-out assault on historic values and traditions of the black community. They are trying to attack law enforcement errors that keep us safe. There was nothing wrong with being safe. We want safety.

When I read the list of 10, 1 of the list was that is the most unsafe, african-American communities. The numbers are different. Like he would not believe.

We want to be safe. They want to take away your right to self-defense, crusher religious liberty, and silencer pastors. Pastors are being silence.

Not any longer, because of the johnson amendment. [applause] they are allowed to speak to you now. You're pastors and ministers are allowed to speak to you now.

Without retribution. African-American churches have been lifted up. They have been the conscience of our nation. Democrat want to drive faith out of the public square and attacked christians and other religious believers.

That's what they are doing. They have gone crazy. As your president, I will always cherish our nations religious heritage. We will always cherish that.

It means so much when you look at things that are happening. A lot of it is because they lost that incredible grounding. The vital and indispensable role of african-American churches and our site , society. We have some ministers here and pastors here. You heard from one, he is an incredible man.

We have ministers and pastors and others that are people that we all look up to when their voice has to be heard. They have to be heard. They are trying to take that voice away. It won't happen.

Don't worry too much. Every top Democrat also supports late-term abortion. Right up until the moment of birth.

The governor of virginia, where it was after birth. That's evil. That's why I have asked Congress to stop late-term abortion, because Republican believe every child is a sacred gift. Through heavy african-American across our land, you don't not choose to leave the democratic party. The democratic party already left you along. , a long time ago.

If you don't want to have radical socialism, open borders, out-of-control political correctness, your jobs going overseas, your children trapped in failing schools, liberal extremists to run your lives, then today, they say welcome to the Republican party. Honest abe. Republican are the party of lincoln and frederick douglass. The civil rights act and hard-working American patriots of every race, religion, color and creed. The Republican party knows our rights, remedies and freedoms , liberties and freedoms are given to us by the hand of God.

Guided by that of truth, Democrat are fighting for , publicans are fighting for safe streets, and a government that listens and enters to the American people. When we talk about draining the swamp, we are talking about replacing the corrupt bureaucrats and politicians, crony lobbyists, they bring the men and they pay for them. They are disgracing a class of people and a group of people and I'm not talking african-americans. I'm talking all americans. They are disgracing us as a nation. They have dismissed you, hurt you, and they have sabotaged you for far too long.

It is time to see what has happened over the last short period of time. We have a lot of great commentators in front. We have commentators in the back as well. We have some in the far back.

What are you doing back there? They are great. They get it. They know what is happening. Some of them did not get it at the beginning. They have seen what has happened over the last few years.

Their day is over. Your day is has just begun , your day has just begun. That's why we need everyone in this room and every like-minded voter to take part in our righteous campaign to extend blessings of all-America to all of our citizens we need you to share our message of jobs, opportunity and freedom with everyone you know. Reach out your friends, neighbors, churches and communities. Including your religious communities, which we are bringing back into our nation.

We need them. Tell them to judge us based on that. And all that have achieved. We have achieved more than anybody has achieved ever. It hasn't been done on the spears from the media and lies from those defending the status quo.

They want to defend. They are defending their turf, but it is no good. Tell them you were fierce and brave and proud and independent. Black voices for trump.

[applause] I can't tell you how much this whole community has grown. I drove could have said that three or four years ago. It would have been a smaller audience.

People are seeing what is happening. Go out and enjoy the , join the Republican party. Get your friends and join it.

We will do things nobody ever dreamt of for your community. With your help, America's future is ours to build and build upon and make even greater than it is right now. America's destiny is ours to reach. America's glory is ours to achieve. When my administration and millions of black americans join forces, we will be a totally unstoppable force.

That's what will happen. Remember, the Democrat have let you down. Talking about over 100 years. We will deliver a future of justice, opportunity, prosperity and dignity to every man, woman and child across this land.

Our nation is thriving like never before. We have never had an economy like this before in our history. It makes things easier. If our opponent had gotten, this economy would have been down. I just want to tell you very strongly the best is yet to come. I want to thank all of my friends.

I want to thank the people outside that could not get in. You are very special people. I want to congratulate you. What has happened in the last three years for the black community has been incredible.

It's my honor to have been there with you. It will together and achieved together and succeed together. , we will work together, achieved together and succeed together.

Thank you all very much. God bless America.