ID: CSPANDT411201921
Title: President Trump Rally in Lexington, Kentucky
Date: 2019-11-04

government in the sunshine. Sun shoes shine is the best disinfectant the whistleblower says I heard about or concerned about something that was potentially wrong. It goes through a chain of command. There is a determination made. That this is serious.

That was made here. (music) (music) [applause] [chanting usa] thank you very up. , thank you very much. Thank you, lee. I want to say hello, kentucky. Great place.

It is great to be here in the home of a group called the wildcats. Have you ever heard of the kentucky wildcats? [applause] by the way, they play in a very big arena. This place.

Look at it. Wow. Hello, up there. This is incredible with thousands of freedom loving American patriots, which is what you are.

[applause] tomorrow, the people of kentucky will head to the polls and vote to reelect your terrific Republican governor. [applause] he has done a fantastic job. And we are sending a signal by doing that to the rest of the country, to the rest of the world, that the Republican party, you know what we stand for, what you see what is happening with the Democrat.

They have gone crazy. They are not getting anything done. Under Republican leadership, the economy is booming, wages are rising, confidence is soaring, kentucky is thriving like never before, and America is stronger than ever before [applause] . It's true. [applause] kentucky's unemployment rate has reached the lowest point in the history of our country.

[applause] and I want to tell you you have incredible representatives and the job matt bevan has done as governor, he has done some things you have to do and has done them unbelievably well and it has set you up to be a rocketship in the future. I want to thank him for having the courage to do what he had to do. When you have the best numbers you've ever had in history the state, with the help of your Senate majority leader, mitch mcconnell, we have confirmed 157 judges to follow the constitution as written. [applause] we are supporting our police and rebuilding the military and defeating radical islamic terrorists like never before. [applause] the monstrous leader of ISIS is dead [applause] .

[applause] and the man who took his place is dead, also. [applause] [usa! Usa! Usa!] American special forces gave the world number one terrorist a one-way ticket to hell.

[applause] no enemy on earth stands a chance against the awesome power of the United States military, which is now stronger than ever before. We have rebuilt it and it was all made in America. All made. [applause] and our country is winning again and our country is highly respected again. [applause] but while we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, the radical Democrat are going totally insane. They want to obliterate the rule of law, drive out faith from the public square, silence you online, confiscate your guns.

You better be careful. The second amendment, very important, very precious. They are after your second amendment. With us, no one is touching your second amendment, and that includes the gentleman running against matt. They are after your second amendment and we cannot let that happen.

We want to indoctrinate your children, destroy anyone who holds traditional American values. All you have to do is ask the boys from covington catholic high school. [applause] some of whom are here tonight. The far-left wants to oppose their , impose their ideology on the nation, telling you what to think, believe, and how to live. They want to erase our traditions, culture, history, and heroes. They want to subjugate you and take you to their will.

But kentucky will never be broken. Kentucky cannot be broken. You are too strong and too smart. [applause] in their craze, Democrat are trying to tear her country apart.

, our country apart. First, Democrat engineered the Russia hoax, the most egregious fraud ever hoisted among the American people. The Russia hoax. Then mueller scam. Two years and they said nothing and then mueller testified.

A wonderful day for me. [applause] and last week, I do not know tulsi gabbard but hillary clinton said tulsi gabbard is a russian agent. I do not know jill stein.

Jill stein was invasion of Russia, also. These people are crazy. [applause] and now nancy pelosi and adam schiff, they are corrupt.

And nancy, unlike kentucky which is doing great, nancy should stop wasting time, go back to her district in san francisco, help the homeless, get rid of the drugs and rid of the needles lying on the street and all the things washing into the ocean through their storm store , storm sewer system. What has happened to san francisco and other places run by the radical left is unbelievable. Los angeles. When we look at los angeles, it looks like a third world city.

Go back to nancy's area and see what has happened. There has been no place in the country that has gone down like the area nancy pelosi represents. And she is wasting all of her time. And it is backfiring.

You see it. But the media has launched a brazen assault on our nation with the deranged impeachment witchhunt. Impeachment.

Today, we just hit the highest number in the history of the stock market. [applause] last week, think of this. In the history of country has never done better. It is not rich or poor. It's for everyone. Your 401(k), how are you doing?

[applause] people tell me their wives and husband, all of a sudden they have been running there 401(k)s for years and they totally lost respect. But now they think the husband is a financial genius because he is up 74% and she says darling, I love you, you are the most brilliant financial mind. And if the Democrat get in, it is going down to nothing. It will be worthless. It will be worthless.

You will have a depression the likes of which you have never seen. Mark my words. But hopefully we do not have to think about it. [applause] that was going to happen here. When we took over, it was going in the wrong direction and do not forget, that was zero interest.

People are now getting interest on their money. But that was with zero interest. Last week, the Democrat voted to try and nullify the ballots of tens of millions of americans , 63 million people, disgracing themselves and bringing shame upon the House of representatives. They have been plotting to overthrow the election since the first hour that we won, and even before, they were plotting to overthrow the election. 19 minutes after I took the oath of office, the disgusting washington post, look at all of the people back here. Look.

Fake news media. The fake news. Look at all of them. [boos] what they do not now is that we , is that when we hang it up in five years, nine years, 13 years or maybe 17 years, or maybe, if I still have the strength, 21 years.

[applause] now they are going crazy. [laughter] now they are like, see, I told you he is a dictator. He wants to take control of our country. These people are crazy. You have one not job on television sitting down doing an interview recently and he looks at the person he is interviewing and he goes, he is a total depressive. And he goes, you know he is going to win, don't you?

The guy goes, we are going to fight. No, he is going to win. He has never leaving office.

He has never going to leave office. These people are crazy. [applause] but the disgusting newspaper right there, the washington post, declared the campaign to impeach President Trump has just begun. [boos] you can get him out, it's all right.

[applause] be gentle. Be very gentle. Every time I say get him out of here, I end up getting sued. He says, oh, he hurt my arm.

So be gentle. I do not get sued. He is going home to mom. [laughter] [applause] thank you. By the way, do we love our law enforcement? [applause] and in the whole world, even on a monday night, I like the monday nights.

We are 58-0, that is a good record. Even on a monday night, is there anything cooler than being at a truck rally , trump rally? [applause] nothing cooler.

With last week's vote, far-left has declared war on American democracy. These people are lunatics. In the face of these attacks, Republican are the most unified that I have ever seen, and I have been watching them and been a big part of them for a long time. [applause] and the Democrat have never witnessed anything like it.

And they know they are not going to win in 2020. So what do we do to win? The American people are fed up with Democrat lies, slander, outrageous conduct which has created an angry majority that will vote the do-nothing Democrat the hell out of office .

[applause] [chanting four more years] President Trump: tomorrow, kentucky has a chance to send radical Democrat a message. You will vote to reject their extremism, socialism, and corruption, and you will vote to reelect kentucky governor matt bevin, who has done such a great job. Matt is a veteran. A patriot. He has done it all.

He has been a very successful business leader. He put his whole life at stake to help this state and the job he has done is incredible. Under his leadership, kentucky has created over 57,000 new jobs. [applause] we worked together. He is difficult, I have to say. He is such a pain.

When he needs something for kentucky lake money, aid, like he wants me to call one of the many manufacturers now that are coming into kentucky, could you call the head of some company in japan? I say, do I have to? Please.

But isn't that what you really want in a governor? [applause] and the job he has done, one of the best in the country. He has been incredible. Matt is strong on crime and tough on illegal immigration. Thank you. [applause] he is pro-life, and 100% pro second amendment.

[applause] and you are going to lose your second amendment if you vote Democrat. I watch what they are doing. They are calling me all the time. You will lose your second amendment, I am telling you.

As sure as you are standing here , do you know what the fake news says? They say trump only got one standing ovation. Because they stood at the beginning and never sat down, but they do not say that second part. [applause] great spirit. You know why? You love our country and you see what is happening.

We have turned this big monster ship around and we need so badly, it is like you plant the tree and it takes a little, we have to get the roads to grow, we have the best unemployment history and our country and the best of everything and I think it is like 118, I told you we have a record stock market today. I have to check it because with the fake news if I am off by half a point, if it is 117i'm not 118, even if I go under, they reported and say I did not tell the truth. It was really 119.

But like a lot over 100 where we had the highest stock market in our history. Incredible. [applause] matt bevin has made record investments in education for kentucky students. Education is so important to him. Matt bevin will defend your kentucky values. He loves the state.

From an all-out assault from the extreme left, not good. I cannot even imagine, how can you vote for someone from the extreme left? Bashir is a major lefty. Are you sure we need an election tomorrow, matt? How does kentucky vote for a person, I am telling you, he will always vote for pelosi and schumer and shifty adam schiff. He makes up a conversation.

He gets up before Congress. He repeats my conversation with the head of ukraine, a good guy. I say I never said that.

He made a horrible statement. A total lie. And then I went and released the actual conversation. And you have not heard about the whistleblower after that. Because the whistleblower said lots of things that were not so good.

These are very dishonest people. Shifty adam schiff. Matt is running against these people and would have to send them a sign. They are dangerous. The radical left says andy bashir, who rejects everything kentucky stands for.

That is who they want to win. Bashir it has openly pledged to stop the policies of donald trump. What policies? Take care the vets, military, we want jobs, we want companies to stop leaving us. They are not leaving anymore.

Have you noticed? Remember years ago before I thought about doing this, when I said let's do this, I said melania, let's give it a shot. And one by one we were doing good and what we have done, if you remember before we ran, companies were leaving kentucky. There were going to mexico.

They were going to China and japan. Anyplace but kentucky. You do not read about that now.

They are all coming back. They are all coming back. [applause] bashir wants to shut down your energy and raise your taxes and take a giant wrecking ball to the greatest economy in the history of the state of kentucky, the greatest economy you have ever had, he is going to destroy it and it will not be long.

It will go quickly. You are sitting there and everyone has good jobs. If you don't like it, you find another job. You go get a better job for more money. Bashir does not represent you.

He represents the washington swamp and is backed by the same people trying to overthrow the last election. [boos] bashir funded hillary clinton and is supported by pro-abortion and open borders fanatics. Bashir wants to bring sanctuary cities to kentucky. Think about that one. Releasing violent criminals and aliens to terrorize innocent kentucky families. He wants sanctuary cities.

He has not learned what happened. We had a great election a couple weeks ago in north carolina. We won two House seats and we were supposed to lose probably both of them and begot them by a lot. And I think we one , won because the second amendment is under assault by Democrat but also because of sanctuary cities because bad news came out and I think that was the reason we got both House seats by a lot.

Bashir is liberal, extreme, and too dangerous for kentucky. Tomorrow, everybody needs to vote Republican. We have to go Republican all the way.

[applause] I want to bring up a man who worked so hard. A great naturally business and he straightened it out and he will be one of the truly great's in the history and maybe the greatest in the history of the state, matt bevin. Come on up, matt. [applause] matt bevin: how do you like having President Trump in the arena? [applause] matt bevin: this is better than the final four in terms of energy. This is extraordinary.

Thank you, kentucky. It is critical we go top to bottom. Do your acidic , civic duty and send a message to the United States that kentucky is leading the way and that we support the President Of the United States, donald trump. [applause] we are also joints tonight by a powerful men in washington, mitch mcconnell. [applause] nobody works harder for kentucky than mitch. Nobody works harder.

And frankly, nobody works smarter. I know a lot of people who work hard. He works smarter. When the Democrat arsonists in washington tried to destroy an innocent man named brett kavanaugh, now justice brett kavanaugh, mitch refused to cave to the left wing mob. There has never been a man treated so badly in washington as judge kavanaugh.

Previously judge, now justice. We got him in and he has been great and he will be great. [applause] mitch confirmed two tremendous supreme court justices and help deliver one of the largest investors , largest investments ever in the military and past v.a. Accountability for our amazing veterans.

[applause] I know mitch's opponents because I came here last year, slightly different location, but that is ok. Still the great state of kentucky. Because amy mcgrath, an extreme liberal, was against andy barr. And andy barr is with us tonight and we are going to introduce him. [applause] she said to herself, I failed in Congress, let's go for Senate.

She wanted to go to the House. Now she wants to go. It doesn't work that way. Extreme liberal, anti-gun, lots of different things. Amy mcgrath compared my election, think of this. So insulting.

Should I say it? Why not? So insulting. He worked so hard and love your country so much and they get up to say things and she compared it to 9/11. She wants open borders and supports the impeachment witchhunt like nobody and wants to get rid of me. She was not happy with me last year.

We came in last year and he ended a job on her. She was caught telling Democrat donors that she is further left than anyone in history of the state of kentucky. Is that what you want? Next november, the state needs to defend its values and vote for rock ribbed kentucky conservative, mitch mcconnell. We will be back here many times. Mitch.

[applause] mitch mcconnell: thank you, mr. President, for making America great again. [applause] matt bevin is making kentucky great again, thanks to your help tonight. [applause] working together, we are changing the federal courts forever. [applause] nobody has done more to change the court system in the history of our countrymen donald trump , in our country than donald trump.

Mr. President, we will keep doing it. [applause] President Obama left mitch and me and all of us, he left 100 42 openings for judges.

You are not supposed to allow any. They say the most important thing a President Can do is federal judges, including the supreme court. I came in and I said, how many do we have? And they said how many what?

I said judge openings. I thought they would say none. They said 142.

I said, tell me again that we have 142. So mitch and I and rand would like to thank very much President Obama, because nobody has ever been so generous. [applause] also with us tonight is a great warrior, smart, strong, loves your state, and has really become a good friend of mine.

He is a little bit different. That's ok. Whatever I have needed, whenever I have needed him, he was always there. It's true. Sometimes I would say, I do not vote , I do not need you to vote red and he would vote his own way.

A little libertarian touch, and that is ok. That's ok. [applause] but whenever we need, and I'm not talking about me, I am talking about we. He is so incredible and has become a really good friend and I want him to come up for a second.

Rand paul. A great warrior. [applause] rand paul: President Trump has a great courage. He fights down the fake media every day. [applause] but Congress needs to step up and have equal courage to defend the president. [applause] hunter biden made 100 $50,000 a month, the definition of corruption.

We all know that he only got it because of the family connections. And we know the name of the whistleblower. The whistleblower needs to come before Congress as a material witness because he worked with joe biden at the same time hunter biden was getting money from corrupt oligarchs. I say tonight to the media, do your job and print his name.

[applause] and I say this to my colleagues in Congress and to every Republican in washington. Step up and subpoena hunter biden and the whistleblower. [applause] and I say to my colleagues, if shifty adam schiff will not let hunter biden, and will not bring the whistleblower forward, every Republican in Congress should take a walk and say this is a farce. [applause] wow.

That was excellent. [applause] thank you. Thank you very much. Great job. He is a warrior. I have always said it.

Also with us tonight, representatives from your state that are fantastic. A couple from outside your state, also. These are great fighters, great warriors, rogers, brett guthrie, thomas massie. A man we just spoke about, andy barr. [applause] james comer. Great.

And from an incredible state that crooked hillary said she would win the state and did not come close to winning, a great state and we love the people of north carolina, Congressman Mark meadows. [applause] along with some of your local great politicians and the person that has done a really spectacular job, and in michigan, a woman just kept going. She just kept going and reminded me of your governor from the standpoint that she just did not quit. She called, could you do it again, make a speech. I said, is this the last one?

No, a couple more. And bill clinton told hilary you better get going, something is going on in michigan and you're going to lose michigan and no, the poll say everything is good, and we won michigan for the first time in many years. [applause] and I said when it came time to picking the Republican party chair head of the rnc, I said, I gotta get the woman from michigan, rhonda mcdaniel, to head it out. [applause] [cheers and applause] and when they were saying how sophisticated hillary clinton's campaign was. The finest theater technology in the world, she paid for it, but she didn't get it. She has really fantastic and uses, , geniuses, but I had someone who was a lot better.

His name was , was there ever a day like that in television history? And they have no idea, because when we do hang it up, they were all out of business, they know that. That is why I think we will get , I expect to get a full party unbelievable endorsement very sown from the , very soon from the new york times and the washington post. [applause] you know, before the election started, about one month before I announced that I was going to do this, I said I am going to become a politician, I can't believe it.

I looked at the new york times, and it was like a little leaflet that you hand out at the grocery store. The wind would blow it away. It was dead.

I call it the failing new york times because eventually, they will fail. But we built it up. They do stories , in my entire life, I had a few stories in the front page of the new york times, and now I have three or four a day. Why are they not covering me anymore?

They can take what we did two weeks ago with the worst terrorist in the world and they can make it look bad. That's ok. The will , the dog will becoming very shortly to the white House. [cheers and applause] they will be endorsing us. And you know, all of these crazy, cnn with the bad writings, the red light just enough. , bad ratings, the red like just went off.

, light just one of. Put yourself , the red light just one , went off. But yourself and their position. , put yourself in their position.

Put yourself in cnn's position. It's not me, it's we, they came from the valleys, they came from everywhere, they came from places , there still , they are still trying to figure out, where did all those people come from? A great Senator From tennessee, they have early voters. I was in pennsylvania making a speech.

I have great Congressman Friends from pennsylvania. He said, you know, in tennessee, we have very early voting, I have to be honest with you, I have never seen so many people vote. These are people that love our country, they are incredible, they work hard, but they never liked who they were voting core, so they will he , who they were voting for, so they really didn't vote. He said, sir, I am seeing people, from the valleys, the mountains, from areas they have never come out, we have lines that are five blocks long in every voting booth and parlor. [cheers and applause] and he said, I can't speak for the rest of the country, but if the rest of the country is like tennessee, you will have the greatest victory in the history of our nation, and that is what happened. [cheers and applause] that was a great statement.

That was a great statement from people from a great state, also. Tomorrow, you must select the entire Republican ticket from the governor on down, including your next lieutenant governor, ralph alvarado. [cheers and applause] mr. President, I hope you can tell that kentucky is chump country , trump country. [cheers and applause] we are proud to stand with you on pro-life issues, and here in the commonwealth, we will stand up for those who cannot pay for themselves.

And, mr. President, we are going to stand with you in protecting the second amendment rights of all kentuckians. [cheers and applause] and mr. President, I make a personal commitment to u.s. The next attorney general, we will make sure that kentucky is never a sanctuary state.

[cheers and applause] thank you, daniel. I star. , a star. A star is born.

"a star is born," you ever see that movie? A star is born. Your next Secretary Of state, michael adam. [cheers and applause] auditor mark harmon. Thank you, mark. Treasurer lalice d.

Doing great. And agriculture commissioner ryan g. With the help of everyone here, America is the hottest economy anywhere in the world by far. Foreign leaders coming to see me, congratulations on your economy, they are killing us , China are paying us billions and billions of dollars. They gave a lot of that money to our farmers who got targeted.

But no longer, they are back buying from our farmers. [cheers and applause] but we have created 6.7 million new jobs since the election. If I would've ever said that during the campaign, the fake news back there would have never let me hear the end of it.

Think of that. 6.7 million. And today, just today, a record 158 million americans are now employed, the highest level of employment in our country, too. African-American unemployment just dropped to the lowest level ever recorded in the history of our country.

[cheers and applause] hispanic americans and asian-American unemployment rates have also reached the all-time historic low in the history of our country. [cheers and applause] hourly earning, listen to this, are up 9% since the election. Nobody ever thought that would happen.

Under the previous two administrations, we lost 60,000 factories. I thought that was a typo. I said, how the hell can you lose 60,000?

It turned out to be right. Have been saying it for two years and they never corrected me. , I have been saying it for two years and they never corrected me. Two years.

I get a call sometimes from the people in the campaign, sir, sir, we have an emergency. Somebody is coming from the media, the fake news. Did you put a comma in the wrong location?

Because they consider it to be front-page. Under my administration, we have added nearly 10,000 new factories and many, many more thousands of factories are coming into our country. We reversed it. To get relief to working families, we passed massive tax cuts, massive. To lift up communities, our tax law created opportunity zones, tim scott of south carolina was so involved, including 144 designated by year.

Great governor. I don't know, you know? He's not going to do so well, he will be calling for a meeting and I will not be able to see him, because I don't like him very much.

But I like this one very much. We are going to help him. We slashed the war on American energy. Where now the biggest energy producer by far , we are now the biggest energy producer by phone and end of the war on beautiful, clean coal. I announced the withdrawal of the United States from the horrible costly, one-sided paris climate accord.

, horrible, costly one-sided paris climate accord. Asked them how they are doing and paris was it , in paris with it. Not too good. I repealed obama's federal coal moratorium.

[cheers and applause] pres. Trump: on trade, we are starting to set records every week, we are reversing decades of washington, disloyalty, stupidity, and corruption. Past administrations did nothing as China alluded are factors , our factories and stole our American dollars. Not have hundred million dollars , not 500 millions, I thought that was another typo, $500 billion, they would take a year from us. We rebuilt China.

I give credit to China, but what I don't give credit to his obama and past administrations beyond obama, I don't give them credit, because they let it happen. They should have never let it happen, but now we are taking in tens of billions of dollars. Just recently, very slow sleepy joe, biden, that is, set of China's piracy and plunder , said of China's piracy and plunder, they are not that bad, folks. My time is up, I got to leave. He makes a mistake every time he speaks. Heaney's handlers, like the horses.

Get him off now , he needs handlers, like the horses. Get him off now! You are doing fine.

And there he goes. I love being in ohio, but he was in iowa yesterday. They said, damn it, get off the stage, sleepy joe.

Sleepy joe, get off the damn stage. He said about China, they are not that bad, folks. They are not really competition for us. He did nothing and obama.

Session he did nothing for eight years, him and obama. , he did nothing for eight years, him and obama. Stand up, kellyanne. Another warrior.

I just saw kellyanne. Think of it, somebody saying that. Now look, the $1.5 billion that hunter, who got thrown out of the navy, who had. X , no experience, he got $1.5 million from China. I have been negotiating with China, they are very tough.

That is not the same group of chinese people that I have been negotiating with, they gave him 1.5 million dollars. He will make millions and millions with that. How about saying, by the way, mr.

President, could you please take over the negotiations that President Trump is no longer handling? You will be sold down the tubes so bad, China wants to make a deal so badly, I think they would look to see another president. They would like to see another President More than crooked hillary would, ok? Can you imagine if they ever took over negotiations of this deal? One of the greatest deals ever made? Has to be, because this is what China would love.

It's not going to happen folks, because we can't let our country go back to hell. We can't do it. We can't let it happen.

[cheers and applause] because the bidens got rich while America was robbed. The fake news all not put it in, I watched the lesser bake. , the last debate. Anderson cooper same, it is totally , cooper saying, it is totally unsubstantiated. What is unsubstantiated?

He is on tape doing a real quid pro quo. [cheers and applause] sir, it is totally unsubstantiated, sir. I have never seen anything like it. Could you imagine invited what he did? Can you imagine if don jr. Or eric trump walked out of China if I was, let's say, Vice president Or president, let's say they walked out of China with $1.5 million, do you think the press would be saying it's unsubstantiated?

Let me just tell you something, these people, not all of them, but these people are very dishonest people. Ok? Very, very dishonest people.

But under this administration, the great betrayal is over. America is not for sale. [cheers and applause] and we are more determined than ever to drain the swamp, and that is what we are doing with these crazy people.

A lot of bad things happened. A lot of bad things they think are going to be revealed, because there is a way we can allow them to get away with what they, what a normal person would've gotten away with, let's face it. These are bad people. Thanks to my tariffs, we will soon have over $100 billion from a country who didn't want to do anything with us. And I will tell you, they started buying our farm products. They started buying a lot of our products even before the deals are done.

Last year, I got our farmers $16 billion, because they were targeted. The year before, I got them told billion dollars , I got them $12 billion. I said, congratulations, farmers, I love you. I love our farmers. And they love me. That's what they did, they targeted our farmers.

I said congratulations, that's compliments of China. They want to make a deal so badly, frankly, honestly, they want to make a deal a lot more than I want to make a deal. That is the way it is. We are doing very well right now with China. We are replacing the nafta disaster with the u.s. -mexico-canada agreement.

A huge win for kentucky farmers, autoworkers, and manufacturers. Unfortunately, nancy pelosi so far, and the do-nothing Democrat, they don't want to give the people of our country a victory. It is such an incredible deal for this country. Nafta was one of the worst deals ever made.

Democrat need to pass the usmca. When he devotes , we need their votes. And it is up to pelosi to put it forward, but she is too busy wasting her time. So either pass it or go back to san francisco and clean up your mess. [cheers and applause] the obama-biden administration's transpacific partnership would have dealt a death blow to the American auto industry, one of the great catastrophes.

My first week in office, I canceled that job-killing travesty. You know all about it. Just days ago, I forwarded the uaw a $1 billion investment in louisville. $1 billion. Before my election, our leaders used the great American middle class as a piggy bank to fund their delusional global projects.

They were globalists. I was elected to be President Of the United States,. President of the globe , not President Of the globe. They decimated American manufacturing to promote economic growth in foreign countries, tell me, how is that good?

They try and convince you it's good. Who sit back, we listen, but I say, these people are something , something wrong with them. Only in kentucky can somebody be so precise. You are right about it.

They deployed our military to protect immensely wealthy nations, subsidizing their welfare states with your money. The money we spend on other countries' militaries. I'm telling other countries, sorry, you have to pay.

They have to pay, and they pour ed American treasures into the Middle East. We go in for internet, we want role role, we are bringing 5g into places like kentucky, which have not been properly served. We are bringing it in all over the middle west, all over the country. We are really ahead of schedule, doing very well.

People will be surprised when some numbers come out. You were very much underserved for years, and yet, we are investing billions and billions of. Dollars in places you never even heard of. , billions of dollars in places you never even heard of. You , we are finally rebuilding our nation.

We are finally putting America first. [cheers and applause] yes, the deep state and the failed ruling class are trying to resist any changes to their failed policies. They believe it is their right to rule over you and to redistribute your wealth all around the world, no, thank you.

That is why we ended the paris accord. That is why we ended a lot , I don't even want to tell you. But the sellout of the American nation ended the day that I took the oath of office.

And you understand that. [cheers and applause] they demanded that America except unlimited migration from terror-afflicted regions. Take the people! Take the people! We defeated ISIS.

We, when I took over three years ago, when we took over, when I took over, ISIS was all over. I defeated ISIS. You know? I didn't even know to what extent.

I was watching the other night, the great lou dobbs, and he said, one trump took over,, when trump took over, President Trump, he used to say trump is a great president, then he said the best President Since ronald reagan, then he said no, trumpism is an even better President Than ronald reagan , trump is an even better President Than ronald reagan. And now he has me down as the greatest President In the history of our country, including george washington and abraham lincoln. [cheers and applause] thank you. We love you, too.

But we invite them over there only to invite them over here, we are not doing that. You see where we are going, what we are doing, it's never easy. I get hit by the swamp 15 different ways, but it doesn't matter. We are doing the right thing to protect our communities, my administration, implemented the travel ban on some of the world's most dangerous countries. A lot of people were against it.

They said, isn't that terrible? Countries that have crime rates that are so high you wouldn't even believe it's possible. We have a travel ban now, we don't take people from those countries, I'm sorry. And we won a historic victory on the travel ban in the supreme court, rolled it totally constitutional. , ruled it totally institutional. Democrat betrayed you on immigration, they want open borders, they want to give illegal aliens free health care, free education, more advantages than our own citizens have, and more benefits than our own military gets.

The Republican party, we believe that taking care of our own citizens first is paramount. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the southern border, illegal crossings have dropped 60% since may, the wall is being built, it is going up rapidly. [cheers and applause] made a big impact. I want to thank mexico, we have mexican borders on our border policing our border, because the Democrat will not do anything to end loopholes. Think of the word loopholes, they don't want to end loopholes. If you want to keep violent criminal aliens out of our communities, you have only one choice tomorrow, to vote for matt devon.

[cheers and applause] Democrat are becoming more extreme and limited by the day, the Democrat' plan, takeover of health care, would obliterate medicare, what are they doing? I will always protect medicare for our nation's seniors, it's going to be protected. What they are doing is crazy.

And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. And we will also protect you with pre-existing physicians. How about that? Just thought of that. First time I said that.

Because under their plan, you don't get your own doctor, you get what you get. Fix me up, doc. You want to work on my heart? Who are you, doc?

I don't think so. Thanks to the combat on the opiod epidemic with your governors help, we have seen a 17% drop in overdoses in kentucky, which is a record. [cheers and applause] great people. The last administration threatens to enforce the care agencies purely for their religious believes.

My administration , religious beliefs. My administration took care of ending that obama era of salt. Governor matt bevin , obama era assault. Governor matt bevin is a leader in what he has done.

Together, we are fighting for American orphans, foster families, and the sacred rights of religious believers. He has done a fantastic job. Virtually every top Democrat also announced late-term abortions, ripping babies straight from their mother's womb, right up until birth. That is why I have asked Congress to prohibit extremely term abortions, because Republican believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. [cheers and applause] Democrat are now the party of high-tech, high crime, open borders, late-term abortions, socialism, and blatant corruption. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and it's the party of the great abraham lincoln, we forgot that.

Abraham lincoln. [cheers and applause] I with do our nation from the horrible , withdrew our nation from the horrible one-sided Iran nuclear deal. Not the same country when I came in.

They were in 18 different sides of confliction, now they are a little different. We will see what happens with Iran. I recognize israel's capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.

, recognized israel's capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. For years, you watched as politicians apologize for America. Now, you have a President Who is standing up for America, and we are standing up for the people of kentucky. [cheers and applause] the next step to victory begins tomorrow, and it begins with all of you.

You have to do this, look, maybe you'll be late for work, for whatever, some things, I don't want to know, but you have to just put it off, have to go vote. , you have to go vote. It's so important.

Beyond even the governorship. It so important, because your state is setting records. You have never done this well economically. Jobs wise, unemployment, factories moving in, expansion of your car plants, you have never done this well.

You are sending that big message to the rest of the country. You have to get your friends, you have to vote. If you lose, it sends a really bad message. They will build it up.

They are going to make it like, ho hum if you win. If you lose, they are going to say trump suffered the greatest defeat in the history of the world. You cannot let that happen to me. [cheers and applause] you would be losing an incredible governor, but you were going to have a great victory tomorrow. We will show the corrupt Democrat that the American people are not backing down and we will never back down.

[cheers and applause] so tomorrow, we need you to go out and get your friends, get your family, your neighbors, get out and vote for governor and all these great Republican tonight. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity. Together, we will elect a Republican Congress.

2020, we are going to reelect because of their stupidity. I will campaign in every one of those states that were so corrupt. [cheers and applause] and don't forget. Out of 190 four, we have 194, not one republic , Republican left us last week. Two Republican, think of that.

The other three could not get there, but they said they were , you can't do that. Airport problems. Then we have the Democrat. We picked up two Democrat. We had bipartisan support.

That's unusual. [cheers and applause] they are lousy politicians, they have lousy policy, but they stick together. That's about it. We will elect a Republican Congress in 2020. We will have a great Speaker Of the House.

We will create a sane and lawful system of immigration. We will have trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with those beautiful words, made in the usa. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending, listen to this, the aids epidemic in the United States within less than 10 years.

We have already started. Who would have thought we could have done that? The past administration, toward the end, we had certain things we could have done, they did not do anything, but we did. We have it all funded. Think of that.

Aids, within 10 years, will be out of this country. Nobody would have thought that was possible. We will end it. Great. They were telling me about the breakthroughs they have made, it is incredible what they are doing. Right to try, by the way.

Somebody who is terminally ill can use medicines they were never allowed to in the past. Instead of traveling to Asia and Europe and all over the world, going home hopeless and dying, they can now use what we call right to try. We have the greatest doctors, drugs, the greatest labs in the world. They can go and try. We are having unbelievable success. Right to try.

We will chart a new era of discovery in space and someday soon we will land on, believe it or not, the surface of the moon, only to go to mars. I say, we have done the moon. They say, sir, we go to the moon to go to mars. We are really, really advanced.

It is moving along rapidly. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the cherished values that bind us together as one America. We support protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes and warriors of law enforcement.

[cheers and applause] we believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe children should be taught to love our country, our our history, , honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

[cheers and applause] loyal citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our constitution , taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, the great state of kentucky, settled by some of the most devoted and courageous people ever to walk on the face of the earth. These tough pioneer men and strong pioneer women braved the wilderness and defied the danger to build a life and a home. They did not have a lot of money. They did not have a lot of luxury. They all had one thing in common.

They love their families, they left their country, and they loved their God. [cheers and applause] these proud kentucky patriots did not shred their , shed their blood, sweat, and tears so we could sit at home while others try to erase their legacy and destroy their magnificent , our loyalty is to our citizens and our devotion is to our creator. [cheers and applause] for the sake of our freedom, for the sake of our children, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. We are one move , we are one people, we are one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before.

Ladies and gentlemen of kentucky , the best is yet to come. Together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again.

We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, kentucky.

Thank you. Go out and vote. [cheers and applause] (music) you can't always get what you want you can't always get what you want you can't always get what you want but if you try sometime you find you get what you need (music) (music) (music) I saw her today at the reception unclassified in her hand , a glass of wine in her hand I knew she was going to meet her connection at her feet was her footloose man. (music) (music)