ID: CSPANDT1810201919
Title: President Trump Remarks on NASA Spacewalk
Date: 2019-10-18

for 40 years, c-span has been providing America unfiltered coverage of Congress,, the white House, the supreme court and public policy events from washington, d.c. And around the country so you can make up your own mind. Created in 1979, c-span is brought to you by your local cable or satellite provider.

C-span, your unfiltered view of government. President trump called into nasa's all-female space walk this afternoon. After that call he responded to a few questions from reporters and talked about the agreement with turkey other Syria.

It's an exciting day, the first all-woman space walk under way right now, they're doing important work. There's a short window for the down link and also they've got very busy work to do, they're on the outside of the station. What a big day, we're thrilled to be here, mr. President. It's over to you for communicating with them.

That's great. [laughter] that's great, I was starting to get worried about you. I was starting to get worried about you. You're in an interesting place. We may have to be a little emergency work, I don't think that'll ever be necessary with you, the job you do is incredible.

I'm here with Vice president Mike pence, nasa administrator jim bridenstine and my daughter ivanka. We're thrilled to be speaking live with two brave American astronauts who are making history. Joining us during their space walk outside the international space station.

This is the first time for a woman outside of the space station. Our flight engineer, christina cook and flight engineer jessica meir. I just want to congratulate you, what you do is incredible. So, you're very brave people. I don't think I want to do it. I must tell you that.

But you are amazing people. They're conducting the first ever female space walk to replace an exterior part of the space station. They're doing some work. And they're doing it in a very high altitude. An altitude that very few people will ever see.

Congratulations, christina and jessica, on this historic event. This is truly historic. You're right now on television all over the world so don't get nervous. [laughter] I'd like to ask you a question. What would you like to tell everyone listening and watching today.

Young women who are interested in space. Thank you. First of all, we don't want to take too much credit because we have been , there have been many other female space walkers before us, this is just the first time there's been two women outside at the same time. It's interesting for us up here, but for us it's just us doing our job. It's something we've been training for for six years, preparing for, didn't really, you know, for us it's just coming up here and doing our job today. Doing the career we're tasked with this assignment.

At the same time we do recognize that it is a historic achievement and we of course want to give credit to all of those that came before us. There's been a long line of female scientists, explorers, engineers and astronauts and we have followed in their footsteps to get us where we are today. We hope to provide inspiration to everybody, not only women, but to everybody that has a dream and has a big dream and that is willing to work hard to make that dream come true. Something that all of us have done throughout all our lives.

I can tell you the hard work did pay off. Been up here a few week, three weeks in space, this is my first flight and my very first space walk so it is an incredible feeling, I'm sure you can all man imagine, one I'll never forget. I'm blessed to be sharing this moment with christina cook, who is not only a co-wrker but a dear friend.

Thank you. Christina, jess character I would like to, if I could, just thank you. Jessica, I know you've been doing this, working hard.

Christie narc I studied your resume, it's incredible what you've done, what you've both done, your lives have been incredible and now you're in a place that very few people will ever get that experience. You're doing an incredible job. That is a first step because we're going to the moon and then we're going to mars. We're launching from the moon, most likely, they seem to think that's the best way of doing it, jim so we're launching from the moon. I want to congratulate you both. You're brave, brilliant women and you represent this country so well and our country is very proud of you and we are very proud of you.

Millions and millions of people are watching you right now but I will tell you, what you do is really something very special. So first the moon, and then we go to mars. Thank you both very much have a good time.

Maybe they didn't like my message. Two great women. Two great people. Big danger, not easy, not an easy thing to do. A lot of people would take a pass on that one. But they're great women.

I think I heard that. That's the link. That's the end of the link. They heard my message. And they tried to respond. I assume they're ok.

I assume they're ok. Anyway, they're actually outside of the ship so that's something. That's the first time. We have a very tight schedule to get people on and off the space station. But that's a possibility.

By direction of the President We'll have the first man , or first woman and next man on the moon will be americans. The goal is 2024. If all things go according to plan, 2024 is within the realm of what is possible and we're working hard to make that a reality. That's right, we're building a habitat in orbit around the moon, a space station in orbit around the moon, that will be launching in 2022. Once that's deployed that will be modified into a mars ship that will take us all the way to mars and between now and then we want to build a sustainable architecture at the moon, we need to learn thousand live and work on another world for long periods of time, and then we go to mars. When you go to mars, earth and mars are only aligned on the same side of the sun once every 24 month, or 26 months, so that what , so what that means is we have to to bing there stay.

We have to learn to live and work on another land. Very exciting. Exciting times.

That whole program was dead when I took it over. When we came into office. And something that mike liked very much, I liked very much. And you're both doing a fantastic job, everybody is doing a fantastic job. It's been totally reinvigorated I think to a level that's it's never been.

And we're also thinking in terms of defense. We have the Space Force happening that's going along very nicely as you know. We're creating a new force, it's called the Space Force, that's a big thing. And that'll be working along very closely with you. So that's beyond going to the moon and mars. That's also defense of our nation.

Which is very important. Anywhere there's commerce needs to be defended. We're industrializing space, it's going to be an export for the United States, that's going to be very positive. It already is. We need to grow it.

So we're working very hard to commercialize it, make it an export and of course that requires it to be defended just like the high seas for trade. Fantastic. Thank you very much. Great job. Thank you very much, everybody. That was very exciting.

And these are two great people. They put themselves at risk for our nation and because they love doing it. And there are few people that have the ability to do something like that.

I will say. It takes a great ability. Thank you all for being here. Very nice. Thank you.

I think he clarified itism do have to say. This we yesterday had a tremendous day in texas. We opened a louis vuitton plant, one of the great brands of the world, they opened it right in the heart of texas, the lone star state, then we went to dallas and had an event like few people have ever seen. We had a packed arena with thousands and thousands of people outside.

Incredible evening. Got back very, very late. I did actually get to hear about ambassador kent,s the witch hunt, you know, their crooked schiff is coming after the Republican party, coming after the Republican party as hard as he can considering he's really, he's been compromised sadly and badly because of the fact, as because of the fact, as you know, I think as the press know he made a statement and he made a virtual speech about what I said and then it turned out I didn't say any of it because he fraudulently made the statement to Congress. I thought what he did was one of the worst things.

I understand he has immunity, but he doesn't have immunity when he puts it on twitter which he did, he doesn't have immune fi when he speaks to the press, which he did. But what happened is ambassador kent who I have never had the privilege, I don't believe, of meet, I don't know him and they brought him in as a witness against me even though I don't know him. And he excoriated from what they reported on the news and of course maybe in this case it won't be fake news but he excoriated the obama administration and joe biden and joe biden's son saying there's tremendous problems, tremendous problems with joe biden's son and the ukraine. He's got tremendous problems with biden's son and ukraine and it's inappropriate and all the horrible things, gucked et , you could get it, you could see it, it's been a big dealism heard schiff is going, no, know, we don't want to talk about, we don't want to talk about that but he talked ability that. That is a terrible witch hunt.

It's bad for our country. I sfoke President Erdogan of turkey. We're doing very, very well with turkey. There's a ceasefire. Or a pause or whatever you want to call it. There was some sniper fire this morning.

There was mortar fire this morning that was eliminated quickly. And they're back to the full pause. We have ISIS totally under guard. Turkey is also guarding separately, they're watching over everything.

So you have the kurds who we're dealing with, very happy about the way things are going, I must say. The kurds. And you also have the turks watching just secondarily watching, we have ISIS under control.

We've taken control of the oil in the Middle East, the oil we're talking about, the oil that everybody was worried about, we have , the u.s. Has control of that. And there are no shots being fired. And a lot of people are doing a lot of things.

That is a deal that should have been made 15 years ago, 10 years ago, over the last number of years under the obama administration. The real number is over a million people were killed. We have lost no, not a drop of blood since we've started what I started.

And it was so far it's working out. It's a complicated re. Many, many people have gone down. I have to watch in great interest as I see people talking about what we should be doing. These are the same people that have been failing for the last 220 years, didn't know what they were doing, especially when they went in and did what they did.

They shouldn't have been there. But we're doing a very, very significant amount of great work. We'll see if it works.

It's very fragile. It's been fragile for years, they've been fighting each other for century, literally for centuries they've been fighting each other. Years ago we injected ourselves right into the middle of it. We won't go into whether or not that was a good thing or bad thing. You know how I feel about it.

But we've had tremendous success, I think, over the last couple of days. Little bit unconventional, a little bit of hard love, I told you that, a little , there was a lot of pain for a couple of days. And sometimes you have to go through some pain before you can get a good solution. But the kurds are very happy about it. President erdogan and turkey is satisfied with it.

And we are in a very strong position. We are also in a position where we can put tremendous powerful sanctions on turkey or whoever else we want to. Our country is a financially much stronger country than when I took it over. China would have been right now the number one economy in the world.

And right now China is way behind us. We picked up trillions of dollars in value and they've lost trillions and trillions of dollars. They're having the worst year they've had in 57 years. With that being said, we're working with China very well. We've done subject to getting it signed and I think it will get signed easily, hopefully by the summit in chile where President Xi and I will beth be. But a lot of good things are happening.

Our farmers are taken care of. Our bankers and financial services are going to have access the likes of which they've never had to the largest or second largest depending on your definitions, about 1.4 billion people, population, whether it's india or China, they're pretty close. We've done some great things. I want to say, I want to thank the people of dallas, the people of fort worth, the people of texas. Because yesterday was incredible.

I want to thank bernard arnot, one of the great businessmen of the world for agreeing to do something that was a first. He has built this incredible plant right in our great state of texas. They're going to make super luxury and super product, they have already started, a big investment, we're very proud of it. That was done with me, with the election, even prior to the election, I said you have to open up a plant someplace in the United States. He said what do you think about texas?

I said I love texas. That would be good. I said if you do it, I'll be there. And so I fulfilled that commitment. We think over 1,000 people will soon be working there. Yesterday was big day.

We had a great talk with President Erdogan and it's going very well. Thank you very much. People will soon be working [captions copyright national cable satellite corp. 2019] [captioning performed by the national captioning institute, which is responsible for its caption content and accuracy. Visit ncicap.org]