ID: CSPANDT1010201916
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Minneapolis
Date: 2019-10-10

thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you minnesota, this is a great state. We are going to win this estate in a very short period of time. This feels like the day before the election.

[applause] we have 20,000 plus people inside, we just set a new record. [applause] we have 25,000 people that we still love outside. Close to 100,000 people wanted to come tonight, thank you all. This is great. [applause] I want to thank our great vice president, mike pence, and karen pence for being here tonight.

It is great to be back in the twin cities with the freedom loving American patriots who make our country run. You know that, you know it. For the next 13 months, think of that. It seems like yesterday.

For the next 13 months we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul. We will win the great state of minnesota in 2020. [applause] America now has the number one economy anywhere in the world and it is not even close. [applause] I'm dealing with China right now. They are in washington.

We will see if we can make a deal. If they want to make it, we will determine whether or not we want to make it. Today I got a call from one of the top representatives. He said congratulations mr. President on having a truly great economy.

That is pretty nice. [applause] we picked up since the election, trillions of dollars in value. China has lost trillions of dollars in value. China has lost trillions of dollars in value. I will say this. If our opponent had won that election, you know what would've happened?

China would be the number one economy anywhere in the world. Right now, I can tell you they are not even close. [applause] our country is stronger than ever before because we are proudly putting for the first time in a long time, we are putting America first. [applause] [crowd chanting usa] I have to say there are a lot of very beautiful red t-shirts in the audience. [applause] that was a record sale, they did very well. Cops love trump.

Trump loves cops. [applause] our bold pursuit of this pro America agenda has enraged the class in washington, not easy to get them out, but we are doing it slowly but surely. These corrupt politicians and the radical left got rich bleeding America dry and they knew my election would finally end their pillaging and looting of our country. That is what they are doing and continue to try and do.

That is why from day one, the wretched washington swamp has been trying to nullify the results of a truly great and democratic election. The election of 2016. They are trying and not getting very far. They want to erase your vote like it never existed. They want to erase your voice and you race your future. They will fail because in America the people rule again.

Remember that just 19 minutes after I raised my hand and took the oath of office the washington post, a terrible newspaper, [crowd doing] that doesn't know how to write the truth published a story. They might've gotten it pretty correct in this case. They said the campaign to impeach President Trump has begun. That was the headline, little did we know they weren't playing games. Think of that.

That was 19 minutes after the oath of office. Much earlier peter strzok. He and his lover, lisa page.

What a group. She's going to win 10,000,000-1. She's going to win peter, I love you so much. [laughter] [applause] I love you peter. I love you too, lisa.

Lisa, I love you. If she doesn't win, we got an insurance policy. We will get that son b ofof a bitch out.

The phony Russia hoax. [crowd booing] now the do-nothing Democrat con artists, scammers are getting desperate. They have to move fast because they are not beating us at the polls. Despite the phony polls you see all the time.

They are phony polls. Remember I always used to talk about polls. They are no different than crooked writers.

They are crooked polls. No different. That is a lot of media. [crowd booing] they are so dishonest and frankly they are so bad for our country.

They are so bad. They could be so good for our country. Maybe they will change and maybe they won't. I have been waiting for a long time. After I won the last election I said finally, I will get some great press.

They got worse. I said finally. I said to the first lady we will finally get respect. We will finally get media and press coverage that will be great. Look what we have done.

They got worse. They know they cannot win. You understand. If you didn't understand, there is no way anybody could win. If you believe them, there is no way anybody could reach.

I could do the greatest things in history and they will make them bad to very bad. If it I do something neutral, great, ok, it is like give him the electric chair, that is terrible. Right? These people and the Democrat, it is a partnership. How about in the newscasts, manufactured.

Tonight in a manufactured deal along the border. All of a sudden every newscast is using it. It is a talking point given by the Democrat. [applause] they know they can't win the election so they are pursuing the impeachment witchhunt.

I have been going through it now for more time then I have been in office. Like peter strzok with his insurance deal, this was before the statement was made. Months before I took office.

That statement was made months before the election took place. They said just in case, we are going to have an insurance policy. They are telling us, we cannot let that happen again to another president. [cheers and applause] rush limbaugh, sean hannity, a lot of people -- [cheers and applause] the great mark live in.

We have a lot of great people. [cheers and applause] lou dobbs. Great people.

You know what they said? Every one of them, plus many others, there's no other man we have ever met that could have taken it. It's true. Maybe I'm a little different up here -- I don't know -- but I enjoy it.

To me, I'm energized because we are draining the swamp. [cheers and applause] the Democrat raise an attempt -- the Democrat' present attempt to overthrow our government will produce a backlash at the ballot box, the likes of which they have never, ever seen before in the history of this country. [cheers and applause] these are bad people. My phone call, as an example, with the President Of ukraine was perfect. Everybody that looked at it. The only reason I released it was that the Democrat put out a phony narrative, so I had no choice.

I don't want to do that as president, every time a President From a country calls me or I call them, we have to release the text? How can we do business that way? So the President Of ukraine reiterated today at a major news conference on other subjects that he was under absolutely no pressure -- he does not even know what they are talking about -- and he used the word, there was no blackmail during this call.

He used that term. [cheers and applause] so, in theory, that should be the end of it. Think of it -- a President Of the United States who has made our economy, with a lot of help from all of you, frankly, but from mike and from some of our great senators and some of our great people we have with us -- we made this the strongest economy in our history.

We have rebuilt our military. We are taking care of health care like nobody has been able to. What we have done is incredible, and by the way, we are protecting your second amendment. If you don't have me, your second amendment is gone.

[cheers and applause] we have the greatest economy, the greatest military -- we have rebuilt our military. 2.5 trillion dollars because when I took it over, it was a mess, and what do they want to do? Let's impeach our president. I don't think so. I think we are going to have a turnout likes of which we have never seen in the history of our country.

[cheers and applause] we were really forced just to put it away. We were forced, they said just do it. Got the approval from ukraine. I had to ask. I said do you guys mind. They said that's a strange request.

They said don't worry about it. I said, do you mind? They said please, go ahead.

So we released the transcript of the call, which was so good that that crooked adam schiff -- this guy is crooked. [crowd boos] he had to make up a fake conversation that never happened, and he delivered it to the United States Congress and to the American people. [crowd booing] it was a total fraud.

And then nancy pelosi said, "oh, I think the President Said that." these people are sick, I'm telling you. They are sick. And you know what?

Had they waited one day longer, they would have had the transcript of the actual call. Word for word. It would have been perfect.

Instead, they released it -- they went early. They said all these horrible things. You know why?

Because they never thought in a million years I was going to release a transcript of the call . [cheers and applause] so nancy pelosi, upon hearing a false story from a whistleblower that had no clue what was going on in that call or somebody gave very bad advice, but also hearing it from shifty schiff -- nancy pelosi said, a day before seeing the transcript of the call with the ukrainian president, we've got to impeach him. We've got to impeach him. Right? And then she saw the call and said to her people, "what the hell? Nobody ever told me this was the call." but she keeps going anyway because the press is fake, and they play right into their hands.

[crowd booing] the do-nothing Democrat extremists have gone so far left that they believe it should not be a crime to cross our border illegally and it should be a crime to have a totally appropriate, casual, beautiful, accurate phone call with a foreign leader -- I don't think so. [cheers and applause] as our brilliant white House counsel wrote to the Democrat yesterday, he said, "they are highly partisan and unconstitutional, threatening grave actions to our constitution, to our free and fair elections, and to the American people." it's so terrible. Democrat are on a crusade to destroy our democracy. That is what is happening. We will never let it happen.

We will defeat them. [cheers and applause] I mean, look at their debates. These people are crazy. They want to spend $99 trillion to redo buildings all over the United States. I said what about China, what about Russia, what about india, what about all these other countries where that stuff is just blowing up?

[crowd booing] it's all right. Let him give you the answer. Man, did the cops act fast.

He's already gone. [cheers and applause] man, that's unbelievable. Look, I love law enforcement. I love the police. I love it. Minneapolis -- minneapolis, you got a rotten mayor.

You got to change your mayor. You got a rotten mayor. Got a bad mayor, but you know what?

I've done this a lot. Actually, is there any place where we can have more fun than at a trump rally? [cheers and applause] and we have set every record at everyplace virtually that we have gone, and one of the big musicians said, and trump does it without a guitar, can you believe -- without a guitar. This guy -- sometimes it will take the police, like, 30 seconds, 50 seconds.

It's like roger penske, when you watch him, who is getting the residential medal of freedom, by the way, very soon. It's great. He won 18 indy 500's. 18.

But it's like the way they change those tires. Takes 40 seconds to change the whole damn thing. I say how do they do it? That's the way these cops just reacted.

[cheers and applause] that was a record. I think it was a record. I've had good service, but I've never had anything like that. I look up, the guy is already gone. We love you, with the redshirts. So now the Democrat are making a pathetic bid to save sleepy joe, sleepy joe biden.

[crowd booing] you know what? I'd love to run against him, to be honest. Anybody like that, if you cannot beat him in a debate, you've got a big problem, folks. You cannot be President Because what are you going to do against President Xi and kim jong-un? You cannot beat sleepy joe, but now you're going to meet with kim jong-un -- I don't think so. But he is totally owned and totally controlled the washington swamp for many years.

Two months after President Obama put joe in charge of ukraine policy -- they put joe biden in charge of ukraine policy -- listen to this -- and the press will not write it. They say in totally unsubstantiated charges, President Trump has said that his son walked away with a fortune. You know that is a totally unsubstantiated judge -- really? Not unsubstantiated.

It's fact. Joe's son hunter got thrown out of the navy and became a genius on wall street in about two days. By the way, whatever happened to hunter? Where the hell is he? Where is hunter? Hey, fellas, I have an idea for a new t-shirt.

I love the cops, but let's do another t-shirt -- where's hunter? Where is he? Here is hunter being examined by sleepy eyes chuck todd or something. Hunter, I know they are giving you approximately $168,000 a month.

I hear they paid you a big check of $3 million. I just want to speak on behalf of nbc, who is absolutely one of the worst. Hunter, I just want to tell you, I could not be happier for you and your family, and I know you don't know anything about energy and I know it is an energy company, but I think they made a great deal, hunter. And then they fly to China, and I'm dealing with people right now -- they are tough as hell, those chinese negotiators, and hunter was not too smart. Hunter, he goes in, he has a meeting, he walks out.

It is fund with 1.5 billion -- billion with a b -- $1.5 billion. These are not the same chinese negotiators that I'm dealing with, I can tell you. These are not the same ones, but we are doing very well in these negotiations. Hunter, you know nothing about energy, you know nothing about anything, frankly. Hunter, you are a loser.

Why did you get $1.5 billion, hunter? [cheers and applause] and your father was never considered smart. He was never considered a good senator. He was only a good Vice president Because he understood how to kiss barack obama's asked -- ass. [cheers and applause] true. [crowd chanting] thank you.

Thank you. It's true. It's true. They are always saying the same thing. President trump made a totally unsubstantiated claim about hunter biden and his father.

It's not unsubstantiated, you crooked sun of a guns. It's 100% true. [cheers and applause] 100%. Even the smart guys on wall street -- and I know all of them, and they are smart -- they have never seen anything like that one before.

I have called them. Has that ever happened? Never happens.

Guy walks in, no experience, no nothing, walks out with $1.5 billion. Flies in on air force to with his father, the vice president. Don't forget, that's when he was vice president. China gives his son $1.5 billion. How would you like to have joe biden takeover negotiations right now with China?

I don't think so. [crowd booing] I don't think so. Meanwhile, biden allowed China to rip off America for eight years as vice president, and barack obama let him just rob us blind, and we are not doing that anymore. Those days are over. The bidens got rich, and that is substantiated.

While America got robbed. That's what happened. Sleepy joe and his friends sold out America. They did not have tough negotiations. I look at these trade deals, and I say who the hell could have done this?

If you had no business instinct, no business ability, if you had nothing, if you are dumb as hell, you would not make deals this bad. I said -- who made these deals? But we are ripping them all up, and they are going to be very good. Wait until you see what happens.

[cheers and applause] and now that I'm your president, you see it -- America is winning again, and we are respected again as a nation. [cheers and applause] and in a brand-new report, just came out as I walked on stage, hard to believe, actually, it turns out joe biden was vice president. He worked with the so-called whistleblower. [crowd booing] this is nothing but a partisan witchhunt, sabotage, and I'm sure they are going to say it's totally unsubstantiated, but one of them wrote the story. Congratulations, by the way. That's very good.

That's the way you should do it. Good, good, good. In the twisted worldview of Democrat and the media, it's ok for politicians to ship our jobs to foreign countries, flood our communities with drugs and crime and enrich themselves at America's expense. Their treachery is allowed because they go along with a rigged washington game, and it is far more vague -- when I ran, I thought it was rigged, but this is crazy what is happening. If you refuse to bow or bend to the washington swamp, which I could do very easily -- I would be much more popular. Folks, it would be so much easier.

I got to tell you, isn't it much better when I go off script? Isn't that better? [cheers and applause] so much. Hey, folks, the greatest buyer of advertisements in the history of the world, michael lindau, my fellow. [cheers and applause] I have never seen so many ads. I think he is the greatest add negotiator in history.

I told him, I said, would you do me a favor? All the money we spend on these political campaigns, if I gave some of that money to mike, I think we would have ads every single minute of every single show. I never saw so many. Anyways, but the lawless political establishment will try to frame you. They will persecute you. They will swear up and down that they are telling the truth.

When nancy pelosi was on television the other day -- [crowd booing] I have to say, I have to say, I was very proud of george stephanopoulos. I was very proud. Not often. She said no, no, shifty schiff told the truth when he said that.

Stephanopoulos said no, it was a false statement. She really believes it, so she either has one of two problems. She's either really stupid, ok? Or she's really lost it, or maybe there is a certain dishonesty in there someplace. But they fear you.

They spy on you, and they target your friends, your family, your staff for harassment, for abuse, for destruction. I came down to washington with incredible people. We won a great political campaign. They were bright eyed and bushy tailed.

We know that. They came down, they were happy. They wanted to turn the country around. They wanted to do great things.

All of a sudden, they get summoned, and they get subpoenaed by robert mueller -- how good was he as a witness? Not too good. [crowd booing] and by people that were -- I call them the 13 angry Democrat that turned into 13 angry Democrat.

It was disgraceful. People that were going down, sir, what is this? I look. Oh, wow, that's a subpoena.

What the hell is this? They took people -- I really mean this -- they took people that were full of life and energy and vigor -- we had just won the greatest campaign in the history of American politics. [cheers and applause] it's true.

And they destroyed their lives. They destroyed their lives. I could name many people, one in particular, who came down, and incredible young woman, she was going to help people. She wanted to help people.

She had causes that were so good she wanted to help people, and she ended up going home dark, dark. Her life became hell. They ruined people. They destroyed people.

Good people. People that ended up paying far more money in legal fees than they made -- than they made. They destroyed great people. They are vicious, horrible, and the media was behind every single step. [crowd booing] they destroyed so many lives. They are continuing to do it, and it's a disgrace.

With all of their ludicrous hoaxes have been exposed as frauds, these sinister fakers then try to impeach you for daring to call out their own corruption. There's nothing like the dirty political establishment. This is a friend of mine, very smart, brilliant guy. We just got rid of the Russia hoax, and a week later, the ukraine hoax starts. I had a week of, like, everything is so perfect. I lost all my friends because they are all scared to talk of -- like, you know, honestly, I'm the president.

They cannot talk to me anymore. It's like they are afraid. They respect the office, it's true.

They say president, I say, do me a favor, richard. You have called me donald for 35 years. Call me donald, please. I want somebody to call me donald. He said to me -- I just told him call me -- he said president, I cannot do it, he said. He said you've been here now -- to think of it, almost three years?

We have been here now three years. And it's we. And we have to promise them, no more than 16 years, ok? No more. No more.

16 more years. Now they will go back, "see? He wants to run --" but he said president, can I ask you a question.

He said you deal with all of these nations, these great, powerful -- who is the worst to deal with? Is it China? Is it North Korea? Is it india? Is it Russia? Please tell me, who is the toughest nation to deal with.

I said you are not going to believe this -- the usa is the toughest nation to deal with. [cheers and applause] it's true. Because we are dealing with some very sick and arranged people. -- sick and arranged -- sick and deranged people. There's nothing more the political establishment hates more than a President They cannot intimidate, own, and control.

They are trying to stop me because they know that I don't answer to them. I answer to you, it's true. [cheers and applause] you know, I never say this.

I don't think I have ever set it in a speech, but they will find out in a speech, but I don't know if I ever said this. You know, I make, as president, about $450,000. I give it away.

I don't care. I don't care. [cheers and applause] I never hear anything.

Can you imagine -- you can only give it -- you cannot keep it. You cannot actually make a gift. You can give it to your different agencies.

I can give it to health, transportation, military, but I give it away all the time. And if I ever did -- but it's $450,000. In so many states from, let's say, a Middle East country, in one of my hotels, and we charge re-hundred $92.53 for saying, and I never heard of the guy, and I don't want to hear about him, they say trump is getting rich off our nation. I lose billions being president, and I don't care. It's nice to be rich, I guess, but I lose billions. If someone rents a room someplace and they pay me too much in rent or hotel fees, I never heard of the people, I never know who they are.

They say in all human's nobody ever heard of the word before, they say emoluments. I tell you, it has cost me billions of dollars to be president -- it really has. At some point, I am going to have to prove that, and I look forward to doing it. It's very easy. It's very easy.

[cheers and applause] and there is nothing that makes me happier than making that decision to run and when and straighten out the mess that these people have created. [cheers and applause] so in a desperate attempt to attack our movement, nancy and chuck -- two beauties -- have given control of the Democrat party entirely over to the radical left, including minnesota's own representative iliana mark -- ilhan omar. [crowd booing] you know, I know you people. I know you people. I know the people of minnesota.

I want to tell you -- and I also at the same time, it's both a question and a statement, how the hell did that ever happen? How did it happen? How does it happen?

Congresswoman omar is an American-hating socialist. She minimized the september 11 attack on our homeland. [crowd booing] we -- where far more than 3000 people died say some people did something, big deal. Some people did something.

[crowd booing] she pleaded for compassion for ISIS recruits right here in minnesota. Omar laughed that americans speak of al qaeda. Remember that tape? [crowd booing] but when we say something about the United States, you just don't say America with any intensity. Remember that?

Representative omar has a history of launching virulent, anti-semitic screens, if you like it or not. She said the u.s. Support for israel is all about the benjamin's. She said that pro-israel lawmakers have an allegiance to a foreign country.

Omar wrote that israel has hypnotized the world. May allah awaken the people and help them to see the evil doings of israel and the United States. [crowd booing] how do you have such a person representing you in minnesota? I'm very angry at you people right now.

[cheers and applause] she is a disgrace to our country, and she is one of the big reasons why I'm going to win and the Republican is going to win minnesota in 13 months. [cheers and applause] [crowd chanting] thank you very much. We are honored to have with us today a special guest, a man that really is a terrific, talented writer.

He knows a great deal about all those tangled lies of omar's. Mr. Scott johnson of powerline. He wrote some stuff I cannot believe it. Where's scott? Where is he?

Thank you, scott. [cheers and applause] thank you, scott. What a job. Man, do you have her figure out -- figured out.

The problem is they never pick it up. They don't want to pick it up, but we pick it up, scott, and the people get it and we thank you for your great reporting. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] ask scott reported, everything about omar is a fraud, including her name. Scott reports his sources told him that omar's legal husband was omar's brother and that she had married him for fraudulent purposes -- you mean like coming into the United States, maybe? [crowd booing] and as scott says, we have seen a plethora of congressional scandals in our history.

Yet, we have never seen scandals like omar's in Congress and nothing gets done about it. I hope -- I hope that some of you people are looking because what aoc has gotten away with campaign financing and I call it aoc plus 3 -- that's what it is -- and omar is what it is. What aoc has gotten away with all of that money that she used for her personal self with campaign finance is worse, and nothing happens to them, but it happens to you, and it's not fair. [cheers and applause] the fact is, we are in a struggle for the survival of democracy in America. The only message these radical socialists and extremists will understand is a crushing defeat on november 3, 2020.

[cheers and applause] with your help, we will win back the House. We will keep the Senate, and we will win the white House. We are thrilled to be joined tonight by some incredible people that have helped me so much. One of your tremendous, talented, tough congressman, tom emmer. Tom? [cheers and applause] also a man you don't want to fight him, and you don't want to play him in hockey because he was tough.

He just won not that recently but pretty recently and I was out here campaigning and working hard and it turned out to be an easy race because everyone loves him and respects him, Congressman Pete stolberg. [cheers and applause] and a man who gets in the trenches and he just does not care. He wants to win for the people. He loves people, he loves his state, he loves his country, jim hagedorn.

[cheers and applause] and a great friend of mine with his incredible family -- he is a friend, he's smart. He's brilliant. His education is incredible. His military career has been incredible. Then he ran for office and now he is a United States Senator From the great state of arkansas, Senator Tom cotton. [cheers and applause] great guy.

And minnesota Senate majority leader paul gazelle can. Thank you, paul. Minnesota gop chairwoman, jennifer carnahan.

She has been incredible. [cheers and applause] I said jennifer, are we going to win in 13 months? She said honestly, sir, I have never seen anything like this.

It's going to be easy. Just assume we are, like, two once behind. Always just assume you are a little behind, but we are going to win the state by so much that people are going to be concerned. And plenty of other states, too. [cheers and applause] you know, we had a rally three weeks ago in new mexico and new mexico is a hard state for Republican, has not been won in a long time.

The audience was 40% hispanic, where we are doing great. [cheers and applause] and, you know, hispanic -- they understand borders better than anybody. Better than we do. They understand safety.

They understand their job. They don't want crime. They understand it better, that is why we are doing so well, but we are in new mexico, and I'm telling you, that was electric. All evenings in new mexico are electric.

We have not had any bad ones. A woman who headed up the great state of michigan for me, a state that had not been won in a long time by a Republican, for whatever reason, but a woman who would call me constantly and said sir, if you make one more trip, you will win michigan. I make the trip, I come back home, I get a call the next morning, sir, we need one more. This went over and over and over. We ended up winning the state of michigan. [cheers and applause] and I said, who the hell was that woman that kept bugging me to go back to michigan and speak just one more time every week?

"one more time, sir" and her name is rhonda mcdaniel. She's the head of the rnc. She is great. And our campaign manager, a man who has really been -- you know, they used to say that crooked hillary had a very, very sophisticated campaign. After they lost, they said I guess it wasn't sophisticated.

We had a sophisticated campaign. Nobody knows the world of computers better than this guy, brad par scout. [cheers and applause] remember when they use to it?

You know, I never got credit. My father used to teach me if you can do it for less and win, that's good. He wasn't talking politics. He's definitely looking down, not looking up. He was tough, but he was good. But my father would say if you can do it for less and win, that's a good thing, not a bad thing.

If you can build a building for less money than the guy across the street and if it's a nicer building and you can rent for less, you really -- that's like a good thing. In the campaign, we spent much less money than crooked hillary clinton -- much -- and we won. We won.

[cheers and applause] 306-two to 3 -- that's a pretty big -- remember? Remember, they said? Electoral college. By the way, the electoral college is like the hundred yard -- hundred yard dash. We have to explain it's different. We won 306, and remember they used to say once the hundred yard dash.

Once the mile, you practice. It's a totally different race. The electoral college, I had to go to 22 different states.

For the total vote, I go to, like, for states maximum. Much easier. [cheers and applause] I'm all for it, but the electoral college is better for our country because it forces you to go places that you would not go. I love maine.

I went to maine for or five times. They gave me one point. And what happened? I went there numerous times. Everyone said why? Because I was told by these fraudsters back here in the media that trump cannot get to 270.

He cannot get -- they have me maximum, if everything works, 269, so I kept going to maine, and you know what? We won that one point in maine. [cheers and applause] but I kept going. They say why?

I said first of all, it is really a beautiful place, but we want to point. They said he cannot get to 270. I heard this for months and months, such a headache. Almost as bad as listening to marc's damn commercials about those pillows. Maybe I need one of those pillows to cure my headache.

Here's the thing -- they said he cannot get to 270. In other words, you cannot win. He cannot do it. There's no way of doing it, and they were right.

I got 2306. -- I got to 306. [cheers and applause] they were right. But I did not get to 306. You got to 306.

We won incredible states. We won wisconsin. We won michigan. We won pennsylvania.

We won north carolina. We won south carolina. We won florida. [cheers and applause] what a run. Do you remember the evening that we won? [cheers and applause] I think -- look, I think it was all of us together because we all work hard.

I was the messenger, but we all worked hard. But that was one of the greatest nights in the history of television. One of the greatest nights. Hopefully, it will go down when we are allowed to get all of this stuff seated -- you know, it's like a tree. You plant it. It has to go, but it needs a little -- that's why we need the for more additional years.

It's got to grab on and cash so they cannot destroy it. So they cannot destroy it. But I think it will go down and I hope it will go down as one of the greatest evenings in the history of this country because it has never happened, anything like that, before, and these guys don't even question it.

They just sit back and say, I guess he's right about that. I will never forget the night before, I was at an arena. The place was going crazy. Two reporters that hate my guts, they looked at themselves, look at each other -- famous shot, they are looking like this and say and what the hell is going on? They knew. They knew.

And I did not need beyonce and jay-z. [cheers and applause] and I didn't need little bruce springsteen and all of these -- they got all these people. They would come in, they would sing. They got bruce springsteen. He would do about two songs and leave.

What happens is they leave and everyone leaves with them, and she is still speaking in front of the same lousy crowd. Craziest thing I have ever seen. Then they complained sometimes I will use a terrible word like hell. The other day I used the word hell -- I got hell -- they said he used terrible language.

I used the word hell. It was so bad. But you've got to hear jay-z, the words he was using. He was using the f word all over the place. The next day, they said I use bad language. The word hell is terrible.

These people are sick. [cheers and applause] but that was an amazing evening. I will never forget that evening .

It's, you know, look, outside of your family and your children -- I love you, too, darling. [cheers and applause] one of the highest rated evenings in the history of television. You add up all those networks. Remember the woman crying?

No, they were not biased at all. Another very special man who is with us today, but he will never be a man to me, he will always be my boy. He is my little 6'6" boy, eric trump. [applause] [cheers and applause] and the parents understand that, right? They may be big and strong and older, but to a parent, a child is always there boy or always there little beautiful girl, and I know that is probably politically incorrect -- they will say it was terrible what he said about women. But they are our boy, they are our girl, and it does not matter how old they get or how old we get.

Is that a correct statement? [cheers and applause] and I'm also proud to endorse your next Republican Senator From minnesota, a man that I'm known, a man that is tough and smart, a man that is running against somebody that has never done a damn thing in the Senate, mr. Jason lewis.

[cheers and applause] and jason did a great job in Congress mary -- in Congress. Congressman lewis, thank you so much. And thank you for putting up with this stuff because I'm telling you, it's going to be nasty.

Just say, don't worry about it. It's just another phony story. Thank you very much, mr. And misses lewis. Jason, thank you. [cheers and applause] and, jason, they cannot say that about tom cotton.

They cannot say that about you, tom. Anyway, good luck, jason. Do well. And I don't know why, but will all of the great people I just introduced, but tonight maybe this is the most important person. Fox is great. What a great group.

Ainsley and steve, and, by the way, brian has gotten a lot better. Brian was a seven, and he's getting close to 10 territory. Sometimes pete gets on there for the weekends. [cheers and applause] and how good does jesse waters do? [cheers and applause] there's some really great people. And again, tucker has been very good.

I have to say, he has been very good. Smart. He's been great.

Tucker. And the legendary sean hannity. Great. Number one. Number one show.

Sean's got the number one show, and laura ingraham, whose knocking it out of the park. [cheers and applause] and you go over, maria barcelona , and the great lou dobbs. How good are they? Lou dobbs.

And many more. Many more. How about greg?

Greg used to hate me. Oh, we cannot forget judge jenny'. I would be in such trouble. I'm just rattling some names off, but they are just terrific people.

They are terrific people, but a man that I have to really say something very special about, so I'm watching fox and friends early in the morning, very early. I see a handsome young man named bob kroll, cops for trump. [cheers and applause] he's talking about this lousy mayor -- he did not say that, but I said it -- he's talking about this lousy mayor that will not let the cops, the police, the law enforcement -- you know, my father always used to say, son -- he meant it, to -- never say cops. It's disrespectful. Say police officer.

The truth is, I love you guys. If you're cops, police officer, law enforcement, I love you guys. You are so great, so respected. You don't even know how much our public loves you. You don't know it.

[cheers and applause] you don't know it. Well, I see this guy, and I don't know if he has done a lot of television before, but he was very effective and very good, and he was saying how the police are not being allowed to take care of this rally, and yet, with President Obama and bush and all these people, they were fine, fine. Everybody comes, they fall asleep at a rally, but they were not allowed to do the job for us , and they went wild. So what I want to do -- [crowd booing] [cheers and applause] go home to mommy. Mommy says "I saw you on television tonight. I love trump.

Don't you ever do that again." [cheers and applause] but the job he did before the election, I came right here to minnesota, and I pledged to address this really important issue, and it's the issue of law enforcement, and when I saw this man, this great gentleman on television pouring out his guts, pouring out his heart -- I don't know him. He knows I've been good to law enforcement. He knows I have been good too, as my father would say, the police. He knows I love the cops. There's so many redshirts, and there are plenty of people here without the red shirts, and I want to just tell you, the respect that we have for law enforcement is unbalanced.

Come up here. Bob, come up. [cheers and applause] what can I say after that? [indiscernible] how can you think this guy for everything he has done for law enforcement? Wonderful president.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.

What a group. [cheers and applause] I think you're very weak mayor made a mistake when he took them on -- I think your very weak mayor made a mistake when he took them on. For years, washington brought large numbers of refugees to your state from somalia.

[crowd booing] without considering the impact on schools and communities and taxpayers. I promise you that as president, I will give local communities a greater say in refugee policy and put in place enhanced vetting and responsible immigration controls. [cheers and applause] and I have done that.

Since coming into office, I have reduced refugee resettlement by 85%. [cheers and applause] and as you know, maybe especially in minnesota, I kept another promise -- I issued an executive action making clear that no refugees will be resettled in any city or any state without the express written consent of that city or that state, so speak to your mayor. [cheers and applause] you should be able to decide what is best for your own cities and for your own neighborhoods, and that is what you have the right to do right now, and, believe me, no other President Would be doing that. [cheers and applause] if Democrat were ever to seize power, they would open the floodgates to unvented, uncontrolled migration at levels you have never seen before.

You think you have it bad now? You would never have seen anything like what they want to do, but in the trump administration, we will always protect American families first, and that has not been done in minnesota. [cheers and applause] we have also implemented the strongest screening and vetting mechanisms ever put into place. We are keeping terrorists, criminals, and extremists the hell out of our country.

[cheers and applause] and I want to thank the country of mexico. The President Of mexico has been incredible. We have now 27 thousand mexican soldiers.

They are great and they are tough and they are now protecting our border, and those numbers have gone down like this. [cheers and applause] thank you, mr. President. We will not make the mistakes made in European countries that allow a violent ideology to take root in our country on our shores. We are not going to allow it to happen. [cheers and applause] and as you all know, to protect our citizens from those who would do harm to us, I instituted a very controversial, very hard to get travel ban on some of the world's most dangerous countries.

[cheers and applause] and the other day, one of the fake news reporters in the back said -- they were talking about the travel ban, and they said, well, you know, the President Has lost inthey said, where? In the travel ban. I lost and then I lost at the appellate division. And then I won at the supreme court. Right? He knew that.

He said I lost. He was right. I lost. And then I lost again. Then I won.

Instead of saying he lost and then he won at the supreme court, he said, he lost. Please are very dishonest people. You understand? Very dishonest. In the Republican party, we believe those who seek to join our society must honor our history and love our people.

Democrat support deadly sanctuary cities. We are not letting it happen anymore. Republican believe American cities should be sanctuaries for americans, not for criminal aliens. My administration is taking historic action to secure the border. We have reduced illegal border crossings by over 60% since may.

We are building the wall faster than anyone ever anticipated it could be built. This is a serious wall, you have all seen it. You think that was easy? I had every Democrat in Congress fighting me.

I had a lot of the rhinos fighting me. You have every Democrat fighting you. We took it from here and we took it from there and we took it from all over the place.

The biggest patchwork of financing you have ever seen. It is the finest, it is the strongest, largely 30 feet tall which is the maximum height they wanted. I went to the border patrol. I sat down with 15 representatives of the border patrol and said, what do you want? I said, I want to give you the rolls-royce.

They said, it is not an American-made products. They are actually right. I said I want to give you the rolls-royce of walls. And then we built some alternative walls. We built all different types.

We built about seven of them. And then we had climbers come in. The one that works the best is the one we are building. It is also the most expensive, but we got it for the right price.

It is steel is hardened concrete. It is deep, it is high. It is a thing of beauty. It is going to keep bad people out of our country, that is what it is going to do. The Democrat knew this.

All of a sudden, they knew this. You know why they do not want a wall? Because I wanted.

That is the only reason. I just thought of it. Oh I had to do was say, we don't want a wall and they would have given me all the financing. What was I thinking? They would have forced me to build it.

We are ending the endless wars. We have to do it, folks. We have totally defeated the ISIS caliphate. I did that and rather quicktime. We have the greatest fighting machine.

When I came in, it was depleted. We have great generals. They did it so fast. I met with the generals, right? I said, I hear it is going to take a year to two years. They don't let us fight, sir.

They don't let us fight. We want to fight, they do not let us. I said, I will let you fight.

How come if they say it is going to take a year to two years, they can do it so quickly? We are going to hit it from the front, the sides, underground. We are going to hit them and they did.

We won very quickly. From now on, we want to fight where it is for the benefit of the u.s., not other countries. We will only fight to win.

We don't fight to win. The turks have been fighting with the kurds for two centuries. Turkey, as you know, is a NATO ally.

But I have been rough on them. We have defeated 100% of that caliphate. No longer have any troops in the area.

The troops have been pulled out. Turkey is carrying out a tough campaign against the kurds. Get them out. [booing] turkey is waging a tough campaign against the kurds. We got along with the kurds, we helped the kurds.

They are also fighting for their land. But they are fighting. We have three choices. Are you ready? We don't have any soldiers there.

We left, we won. Take a victory, the u.s. We left.

Take a victory. Bring our troops back home. I told the story yesterday. I have to sign letters, it is the hardest thing I have to do.

Dear mr. And misses smith from arkansas. Dear mr. Mrs. Jones from alabama. I am sorry to inform you your son has been killed in combat.

Every letter is individually done. They get together with other parents. I don't want to see it is the same letter. It is the hardest thing I have to do. It is the hardest thing. It is the hardest thing.

I signed those letters. It breaks your heart. Nobody fights harder than I do, but it is not necessarily a time. Sometimes I send them out, it is called the blue in green, where we are teaching people how to fight and then they turned the gun on our soldiers.

It is the hardest thing for a parent when they get notification. They learn how their child has died. When the so-called people we are teaching how to fight turned the gun on them, we have had a lot of them in afghanistan. It is a horrible thing. Sometimes I go out to a place. It is a tough experience.

Mike pence goes. I go. Other people go. We meet the parents and the families. The sisters, the brothers.

We meet them. We talked to them. Their son or daughter is being flown in from some faraway place. I don't know how parents can do it.

I will meet them. We have a particular -- that is all he does. He says, I greet the dead, sir. What happens is this incredible machine flies in. It flies and so powerful, so big. I will be talking to some of the parents and they will act like they are fine.

We are fine, sir. We are really good. I said, that is great.

I will tell the colonel, I think they are doing great. No sir, they are not doing great. This is the first time. We went outside to the runway. This machine is flying in. It pulls up.

We have military guards. Talented musicians that do this. This door opens up.

The colonel says, when that door opens up, those same people you think are ok, they do things you will never see. You will hear sounds like you have never heard. I saw that were open up with a coffin, a flag over it. These beautiful soldiers, five or six on each side, lifting the coffin.

Walking down the runway, the plank they call it. I see parents make sounds that 20 minutes ago were fine. Scream and cry.

Like you have never seen before. The colonel was telling me, you will see the things you have never seen before. A mother who was fine, breaking the military line and jumping off. Onto a coffin of her son or daughter.

I have seen this. I have all these people that want to stay. I don't want to stay. We were supposed to be in Syria for 30 days. We have been there for 10 years.

We were supposed to be in afghanistan for a short time. We have been there for 19 years. It is time to bring them home. Time to bring them home.

We have done our job. We are policing. We are now policing. We are policing. No more respect for the police, but these are military people. We are now policing.

You know what? After all these years, and one other story I have to tell you, I go to walter reed. I gave out five purple hearts. I meet people that are so beautiful, so amazing. I met five warriors. One was so badly hurt.

Another one, they are devastated. These are great people. I gave out the purple heart. Walter reed, I want to say, the doctors there, the job they do, you will hear so many complaints about doctors and about the vets.

Nobody has done better. We did things for the vets nobody thought would be possible. I sell these young men.

I gave them their purple hearts. The parents were there crying. One of them was so amazing, sir, my face was blown apart. He said, sir, it is incredible.

I looked at him. That is the most beautiful nose I have ever seen? A doctor worked on my face for 10 hours in the field. He said there were 1000 fragments.

He meant a lot. He said there were thousand fragments. He rebuilt my nose with glue. He glued the bones together. I said, you have the most for nose I have ever seen and it is true. His father came over and said, honestly, my son looks better now.

[laughter] President Trump:: my son did not have a good looking nose, now it is beautiful. These doctors at walter reed. Army, marine, they are unbelievably great people. They see sites that you and I hopefully will never see. There is nobody like them. I have to give a shout out to those people.

In the case of turkey and sir year -- Syria and the kurds, we could send in 1000 troops for a military conflict with turkey. No, you do not want to do that. We could hit turkey very hard financially. We could mediate a deal between turkey and the kurds.

I like that. Let's mediate a deal. They have been fighting each other for hundreds of years. We were artificially put there in this case by President Obama.

We have to be treated fairly. We have to be treated fairly. We are not treated fairly by other nations.

We captured many ISIS fighters. Most of them came from Europe, Germany, france, all over. I called them myself and said, take your fighters. I said, we did you a big favor.

They are citizens of Germany, france. They are citizens of these various countries in Europe. Take your fighters, we do not want them.

I said, how unfair are we treated? We do a great fighter and they will not -- favor and they will not take the fighters. Every once in a while, you have to do what you have to do. The u.s.

Has spent $8 trillion in the Middle East. We have lost thousands of brave soldiers. Great people.

Their lives will never be the same. These wars produce only chaos and bloodshed. All the blood and treasure we sacrifice made the Middle East -- really, it is less safe. It is less stable and it is less secure. The single greatest mistake our country made in its history was going into the quicksand of the Middle East.

We lost thousands of lives. The other side, we can talk about that. They lost millions of lives. What did we do? We are going to pull them out. We are trying to make good deals.

We are going to bring our soldiers back home. We may need them for something else and they will be ready. Previous administrations lust for regime change. And put historic christian communities in more danger than they were before they started. They are some of the biggest victims of these power fact humans -- power vacuums. We work hard with the christians.

We have tremendous event joke all support. -- evangelical support. We are slowly getting out of the Middle East. We are rebuilding our military like we have never rebuilt our military before. When I came into office, a prominent General Told me, because it looked like we could have a big conflict.

Said, sir, we have no ammunition. We had older planes. Planes that were so old, they did not fly. People go to the desert, picking up parts.

I never want to hear President Of the u.s. Hear those words again. I never want a President Hear the words, sir, we have no ammunition. Now, thanks to 2.5 torian dollars worth of investment, we have more ammunition, more rockets, more tanks, more fighter jets. More of everything then we have had before.

We have no choice. You look around the world, we have no choice, unfortunately. The Democrat want to dismantle our military.

We are finally building up our country. That is what we have to do. We are replacing the disaster known as nafta with usmca. A giant victory for our ranchers and workers. Congress should pass it immediately.

We hope nancy pelosi can start thinking about passing legislation instead of nonsense. To protect our industrial backbone, I placed tariffs on foreign aluminum and steel. I am fighting back against trade abuse and the supply chain, which was unbreakable, it is breaking wide open. They understand that.

I don't blame China for what has taken place. I blame the people that let our country. That let that happen. We are hundreds of billions of dollars a year was taken from our country to build China. Not China's fault.

In the previous administration, they put natural resources under lock and key including thousands of acres at a place called superior national forest. Last year, I announced we would be reopening superior national forest. Reopening exploration for the iron or mines of minnesota, tremendous job. Now the iron range is back in business.

The last time I was here, a man said, sir, President Obama took our life away. A strong guy, had tears in his eyes. We gave it back.

Best iron ore there is anywhere. My administration is fighting the Democrat socialist health care agenda that would obliterate health care. Republican will protect medicare and patients with pre-existing conditions. For those of you that have private health care, health insurance, 180 million people, they are going to end it, obliterate it. Most people are thrilled with it read you can have your plan the way you want it.

Virtually every top Democrat supports late-term abortions, repeating babies straight from the mother's womb up to the moment of birth. That is why I have asked Congress to prohibit late-term abortions. Republican believe every child is a sacred gift from God.

Democrat are the the of high taxes, high crime. Late -- socialism. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family.

It is the family of the American dream. For years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America, you remember that? I am so sorry.

Now you have a President Who is standing up for America. We are standing up for minneapolis. We are standing up for the great state of minnesota.

We begin this political campaign with the best record, the best results. The only positive vision for America, we began this campaign with right now almost three years of perhaps the most successful administration in the history of our country. Together, we will help millions more citizens, from welfare to work. From poverty to prosperity. With your help, we will reelect and elect a Republican Congress to create a safe modern fair and create a modern system of immigration. We will enact trade deals that ensure more trade deals are probably stamped.

With that phrase, made in the u.s.. We will receive breakthroughs in science and medicine. Finding cures for childhood cancers. Ending the aids epidemic in 10 years. Nobody thought that could be done.

We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly. The right to keep and bear arms. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one America.

We support, protect, and defend the constitution of the u.s.. We stand with the incredible he rose -- heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe children should be taught to love our country and always respect our great American flag.

And we lived by the words of our great national motto, in God we trust. [applause] President Trump:: we stand on the soldiers -- shoulders of American patriots who built this country into the greatest nation ever to exist in history. Our ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a consonant. Tamed the wilderness. Revolutionized industry.

Pioneered science. Won two world wars. Put a man on the face of the moon. Proud citizens like the people of minnesota helped build this country.

Together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, your drives, we are going to keep on working, keep on fighting, and keep on winning, winning, winning.

[applause] President Trump:: we are one people. One family. Of one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before. Ladies and gentlemen, I will tell you this with great certainty. The best is yet to come.

President trump:: thank you very much. Together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make thank you minnesota, thank you.