ID: CSPANDT15320191
Title: Border Security National Emergency Resolution Veto
Date: 2019-03-15

newsmakers with larry, low, the president's chief economic advisor sunday at 10:00 a.m. And :00 p.m. Eastern on c-span.

On friday, President Trump vetoed a House and Senate passed resolution that would terminate his border emergency declaration. It was the president's first veto and he was joined by Vice president Pence, homeland security Secretary Kiersten nielsen, attorney General William barr and several people whose family members have been killed by illegal immigrants. Both the House and Senate will need a two thirds majority to override the veto which looks unlikely to happen. Earlier today, I spoke with the prime minister of new zealand to express the sorrow of our entire nation following the terror attacks at two mosques. These sacred places of Europe were turned into scenes of evil killing.

You have all been seeing what went on. It is a horrible thing. I told the prime minister that the United States is with them all the way. 100%, whatever they need.

We will be there. New zealand has been a great friend and partner for many years. Our relationship has never been better. What they are going through is absolutely terrible. Our hearts are with them and whatever we can do.

We are grateful to be joined ca , today by the vice president. Members of my cabinet, devoted public servants, and angel parents. Very important people to me. To a lot of other people, I want to thank you for being here. Thank you so much. As we take action to restore our national sovereignty and defend this nation from criminal cartels, human traffickers, and drugs was, crime of all kinds this is the place we have the biggest problem by far.

And I want to also compliment the incredible people at border patrol and ice and law enforcement for the job they've done. They've apprehended so many thousands and thousands of people that, if we had the proper protection, we wouldn't even have to apprehend. They wouldn't be coming in. As president, the protection of the nation is my highest duty.

Yesterday, Congress passed a dangerous resolution that, if signed into law, would put countless americans in danger, very grave danger. The Democrat-sponsored resolution would terminate vital border security operations by revoking the national emergency issued last month. It is definitely a national emergency. Rarely have we had such a national emergency.

Therefore to defend the safety and security of all americans, I will be signing and issuing a formal veto of this reckless resolution, and that's what it was. And I have to in particular thank the Republican, strong, wonderful people, the Republican senators that were on our side, and on the side of border security, and on the side of doing what they have to to keep our nation safe. They were very courageous yesterday. And I appreciate that very much.

Congress' vote to deny the crisis on the southern border is a vote against reality. It is against reality. It is a tremendous national emergency. It's a tremendous crisis. Last month more than 76,000 illegal migrants arrived at our border. We're on track for a million illegal aliens to rush our borders.

People hate the word invasion, but that's what it is. It's an invasion of drugs and criminals and people. We have no idea who they are, but we capture them because border security is so good. But they're put in a very bad position. We're bursting at the seams. Literally bursting at the seams.

What border patrol is able to do is incredible. I also, by the way, want to thank our military because our military has been very much involved, as you know. And they're putting up walls, in some cases temporary, in some cases they were supposed to be temporary.

They're so good that they're better than the permanent, so we're leaving them. We've really nowhere left to hold all of the people that we are capturing, and we're at a point where we're just going to have to say with these horrible decisions that we've been handed by people that aren't living in reality that there's nothing we can do. There's absolutely nothing we can do. We're bursting at the seams. You can only do so much. And the only option then is to release them, but you can't do that either, because when you release them, they come into our society.

And in many cases they're stone cold criminals. And in many cases, and in some cases, you have killers coming in and murderers coming in, and we're not going to allow that to happen. Just not going to allow it to happen. There's been nearly 2000% increase in border-related asylum claims over the last decade. Part of the reason is because our country is doing so well economically that people are coming up in droves.

The vast majority are rejected, but smuggling organizations making a tremendous amount of money, like they've never made before, are using these people to crash the system. Our immigration system is stretched beyond the breaking point, and as I said, nothing much we can do. We can just do our job and do it well, but there's a point at which, if the Democrat would, would get it, we'd be able to make a deal, literally in 15 minutes, we could make a deal on changing catch and release, changing the horrible asylum laws that are so unfair, changing visa lottery, chain migration.

These laws are just horrendous. I won't explain them. But everybody standing behind me knows exactly what they are. They're dangerous for our country, and they're inspired by Democrat who have to change.

One in three migrant women is sexually assaulted on the journey north. The border crisis is driving the drug crisis. 70,000 americans a year are killed by drugs including meth, heroin, cocaine and fentanyl, and the 70,000 people is a number that is so low that it probably shouldn't even be used anymore. The mass incursion of illegal aliens, deadly drugs, dangerous weapons and criminal gang members across our borders has to end. We are bringing out thousands and thousands a year of ms-13 gang members and other gang members that are just as bad.

Where they come into our country, they're able to skirt the border, come to areas where we don't have proper wall, where we don't have any wall at all, and they get into the country, and they do a lot of damage in many cases. But we get them out by the thousands, and we bring them back or we incarcerate them. The national emergency I declared last month was authorized by Congress under the 1976 national emergencies act. And there haven't been too many that are bigger emergencies than we have right at our own border. Consistent with the law and the legislative process designed by our founders, today I am vetoing this resolution. Congress has the freedom to pass this resolution, and I have the duty to veto it, and I'm proud to veto it.

And I'm very proud as I said, of a lot of Republican senators that were with me. And I'm also very proud of the House. The Republican in the House voted overwhelmingly in favor of a secure border. Since 1976, presidents have declared 59 national emergencies. They often involve protecting foreign citizens in far off lands.

Yet Congress has not terminated any of them. Every single one of them is still in existence. And yet we don't worry about our land. We worry about other people's land. That's why I say, America first, if that's ok, America first.

The only emergency Congress voted to revoke was the one to protect our own country. So think of that. With all of the national emergencies, this was the one they don't want to do. And this is the one perhaps they should most do. We're joined today by many brave law enforcement officers including sheriffs and just people that have been just tremendous, tremendous backers of law and order.

Which we have to have. We're also joined by friends of mine, mary ann mendoza, ken terry, laura wilkerson, sabine durdin, and steve rodbeck. I'll ask steve to say a few words, and ask some of the folks behind me to say also a few words as to the importance of what we're doing. There's nothing more important. As I said, I was elected on a very, by a very, very great group of American people, millions and millions of people, because they want security for our country.

And that's what we're going to have. I'd like to ask Secretary Nielsen to say a few words, and then attorney General Bill barr, and then I'd like to go to some of the folks behind me, and perhaps you would have something to say, and then we're going to sign something that's going to give us safety at our border. Secretary?

I want to thank you and the Vice president For your leadership and your constant support of the brave men and women, not only represented behind you, the very front lines of our country, and at cbp and ice. The fact that this is an emergency is undeniable. We have not seen this type of flow. As you know, it's predominantly families and children which means there's a very unique and dangerous humanitarian crisis at hand in addition to the security , that you just described in your remarks.

So we have a duty to know who comes in our country. And we have a duty to ensure that the flow is safe and orderly. That's what you attempted to do, that is what you have demanded that Congress do, and I again ask Congress to please pay attention. We've given you the facts.

The system is breaking. Security is at risk. And the very humanitarian protections that we hold dear in this country are at risk in terms of our ability to provide those to vulnerable populations. So mr.

President, thank you always for your leadership and great support. Mr. President, your declaration of an emergency on those to vulnerable populations. The southern border was clearly authorized under the law and consistent with past precedent.

As you said, the national emergencies act directly authorizes the president, gives broad discretionary authority to the president, to identify and respond to emergent circumstances that require a decisive response. And the humanitarian and security crisis we have on the border right now is exactly the kind of emergency that presidents are permitted to address under the national emergencies act. As you alluded to yourself, in the past 40 years, there have been 59 emergencies declared. And many of these have dealt with political conditions in countries like burundi, sierra leone, belarus. The crisis that we're dealing with today is right on our doorstep.

It presents a real clear and present danger to the American people. So what you've done from a legal standpoint is probably grounded in law, and from the standpoint of protecting the American people, it's imperative. Thank you very much. You'll be defending it, you'll defend it well, I have no doubt about that.

Would anybody like to say something? Why don't we start with mike? Vice President Pence: thank you, mr.

President. I don't know that I've ever been more proud to be standing next to your desk than I am today. Thank you.

Vice President Pence to be : standing with these courageous americans and with these we have a crisis on our southern extraordinary angel parents. We have a crisis on our southern border. Reality is, it's not only a crisis of illegal immigration, with the criminal elements are coming across our border, the flow of drugs. Now drug overdose is the number one cause of death for americans under the age of 55.

The crisis on our southern border is a crisis all across this nation. Add in human trafficking and all that comes with this crisis justify the president's declaration of a national emergency. This is affecting all the people of the United States. And today, mr. President, with your strong support for the men and women in law enforcement, customs and border protection, homeland security, and with, I know, what is your love in your heart for these angel parents, you're keeping your word by vetoing this legislation.

By finding the available resources to build a wall, address this emergency, and secure our border. And I know I speak on behalf of all gathered here and people across this country when I say thank you for keeping your word, mr. President. Mr. President, thank you so much for a very necessary veto to support public safety in this country. The sheriffs and men and women of law enforcement in this room and across this nation owe you a debt of gratitude for something that we've been waiting for for decades.

Our hats are off to you again, sir. It's an honor to be here, it's an honor for sheriffs to be involved in this, and it's an honor for law enforcement as we fight the drug trade in this country, and all the things that go along in our business and our profession from an insecure border. So again, sincerely, we thank you, sir. Mr.

President, I can't thank you enough on behalf of America's sheriffs. As you all know, there are men and women in law enforcement across this country that are fighting a battle every single day. They are in the trenches. While we americans only make up about 7% of the world's total population, about 68% of the world's total drugs are consumed here in the United States every year. This is not political propaganda.

We have a dire crisis on our southwest border. And America's sheriffs stand behind the President Of the United States 100%. He has had our back. He has had the americans' back, and we stand behind you solidly for what you're doing every day.

This is unprecedented for a President To take this type of action. We commend you, we applaud you, and I salute you, sir. My son was killed in 2014 by a repeat illegal alien criminal allowed to stay in this country. He was a police officer in mesa, arizona. And angel families come forward to tell their stories not because we have created a manufactured but because we want to tell the American people and share with you our heartache and let you know what is happening on our doorsteps, what's happening to your neighbors, what's happening to your fellow americans, and there is a way to prevent this and it is not by continuously lying and telling you there isn't a problem. There's a problem, it's a national emergency and thank you.

Mr. President, I echo the sentiments. Thank you for the support.

This has been something we're not used to for the last several years, to have this kind of support. What we say in arizona, this isn't about immigration anymore. This is about drug trafficking and human trafficking into this country. If you care about human rights, you should absolutely care about border security. Human beings are being, their rights are being violated on that border every day.

And I know I speak on behalf of the arizona border sheriffs that I challenge our congressmen and women to come down here and see what we are dealing with. See for yourselves before you cast your vote. And you will seeand I know I speak on behalf of the arizona border sheriffs that that we are dealing with a crisis. And we are fighting every day alongside local partners, sheriff's offices, to take care of this.

Thank you. [applause] mr. President, I have been sheriff for 21 years. I have been dealing with high risk for 21 years on this issue of immigration. People push through 21 years but you are the first one who has taken action and you have given us back our footing in law enforcement.

You are giving the American people back what they deserve, to be protected and signing this today, I can't tell you how much it means to all of us in law enforcement. But importantly, when I hear people say this is all manufactured, no it is not. , in my county alone, one city we have on average on second , shift in the hospital in bedford, massachusetts, 15 to 20 overdoses on second shift every day. That is one example of what is happening all over the country. But mr. President, you have stood up and taken the action.

And the American people are behind you, we are behind you. Thank you and God bless you for what you are doing. [applause] mr. President, if you don't think it can happen to you or your family, I have a quick story.

I have been with state police for over 30 years, working in narcotics, gang task forces, and supervised those for 22 years. My son grew up with depression issues and mental health concerns. He self-medicated with marijuana.

At 18, his father, me, I had him arrested around the way. But he moved out when he turned 18 because he knew dad had rules and one was no drugs in the , House. He moved out of the House to stay with some friends, got a job. He had a work-related injury where he severed four fingers and was introduced to opioids.

So he was battling mental illness, and the opioid addiction. Afterwards, he finally came to me, and for the first time in his life he said he needed help. We sent them to a rehab facility for 30 days because that is what , our insurance could pay for. He came out of rehab and everything was fine for about three months. The craving was too much for him, he got a hold of some heroin laced with fentanyl and died on december 13, 2017. So I am here to say as far as stigma goes with narcotics, it is not going to happen to me, it is not going to happen to my family, my father is a retired minister of 45 years my sister , is in the medical field, brother in law enforcement, no one smokes in our family, no one has been arrested it happened to , me and our family, so it can happen.

That is how horrific and addictive this drug is. Anything you can do to help us and families like us is greatly appreciated. This is the first real step in confronting the heroin and drug crisis in this country.

We are going to make real strides after this. I am the sheriff of your home of camp david. We suffer the same problems there and I am convinced what you are doing today, every county becomes a border county.

Thank you, mr. President. [applause] when we first met on the campaign, when they said, oh, trump's not going to win you said trump is going to win and I said, they will not have died in vain. Right? That's true. I say it today with even more meaning.

It was a big step. [applause] thank you very much, thank you. That's a big step. We're building a lot of wall right now. It has started.

A lot of people are saying, you took down well, we took down wall that almost didn't exist. It was like paper. And we're replacing it with in many cases with 30-foot bollards and in many places we are replacing it with 18-foot wall.

But we have many miles under construction right now. And we're going to be signing contracts over the next couple of days for literally hundreds of miles of wall. And it's being built in the right places and it's doing the , job. It's doing the job. And it's interesting. It's a little bit like water.

As we do, we did san diego. You know, california is very interesting because they keep talking in california, we don't want walls. I see a new candidate in the mix, he wants to take down the wall. Try that sometime. You'll see what will happen.

You will have tens of millions of people coming in. Take a look at tijuana. Take down that wall. You want to see a mess? Take down that wall, you'll see what will happen. Right now, we have thousands of people are in tijuana trying to get in.

They're not getting in. So as we build it, it gets better and better. But it gets really to a point, and they come through a point, but you can control that point. This is serious stuff. This is , we are able to do it cheaper, better, better wall, it is different from what you've been watching going up. We had to take the old plans, we didn't want to stop, so we took old plans, we did not like it, this wall is a beautiful looking structure, it is much stronger and you can build it faster and , cheaper.

Other than that, what can they say? It's going to be great. And it's going to have a tremendous impact. And on top of that, I have to thank the Secretary And all the people that have worked so hard, because what you do in the border patrol, what you do, what those patrol agents and what the ice folks do, and taking people out of the country that nobody wants to talk to. Even some of the sheriffs say, if you can get ice to do it, you don't mind if they do it, right, sheriff?

As tough as you are. These are tough people. And they're great people. They're people that the ice folks take such abuse from Democrat and some others, they love our country as much as anybody loves our country. So we're building a lot of wall, and we're taking good care of our people, and we're doing at point of entry a tremendous amount of work.

We're already in contract to buy , they make pretty incredible new equipment for drug detection where you can find out what's in the wheel of a car, where it is, where it's in the engine, where it's in the hubcaps. We have some incredible stuff. Plus we have, also we're getting dogs, more dogs, believe it or not. I still say, it's still true, nothing replaces a good dog, is that right?

We can buy this equipment that is very expensive. We haven't been able, it is true, we haven't been able to match the dog. I've seen secret service, they showed me the dogs, certain types of german shepherd, very specific types of dog. But what they do is they will run by 15 boxes all empty except one. And they'll be very, very strongly sealed boxes, and they'll come running full speed and stop like on a dime. They know the drugs are in that box.

It is the most incredible thing. So we're spending hundreds of millions of dollars on equipment, but I will say this. But it's not as good as the dogs. As you know, we're getting, you have the best equipment.

We are getting a lot of dogs for the various entry points also. So with that, I just want to thank everybody for being here. In particular I want to thank you folks because you have been , and please say hello to all your friends that have been with us really from day one. What you have gone through is unthinkable.

And I appreciate it. And you're strong people. You're strong and you're proud. And your kids are looking down on you right now, and they're very proud of their moms and their dads.

You know that, right? They're very proud. [applause] thank you very much. And again to those Republican senators that did what they had to do yesterday, I want to thank them.

They're very special friends, and very special people, and they want to see borders that are strong, where we don't allow drugs and crime and all of the problems coming into our country. Thank you all very much. Thank you.

I don't really. I think it's a small group of people that have very, very serious problems. I guess if you look at what happened in new zealand, perhaps that's a case. I don't know enough about it yet. They're just learning about the person and the people involved. But it's certainly a terrible thing.

Terrible thing. Yes? Mr. President, some of the Republican who voted for this resolution say they support border security but oppose executive overreach.

Do you have sympathy I do. They're doing what they have to do. Look, I put no pressure on anybody. I actually said , I could have gotten some of them to come along. I said, I want you to vote your heart, do what you want to do , I'm not puting pressure.

I'll let them know when there's pressure. I told them that. When I need your vote, I'll let you know. I didn't need the vote.

Because we all knew it was going to be a veto. And they are not going to be able to override. It is going to go very quickly. As your attorney General Just said, the case is a very strong case, very powerful case. I think actually national emergency was designed for a specific purpose like this. So we have a great we have a , great case, and I think it's going very , ideally they shouldn't sue in this case.

If you want to know the truth they shouldn't be suing in this , case. But they will because they always do. We want border security, we want safety, we want no drugs, we want no human trafficking. Ok? I did not see it. I did not see it.

But I think it's a horrible event. It's a horrible thing. I saw it early in the morning when I looked at what was happening in new zealand. I just spoke, as you know to the , prime minister.

I think it's a horrible, disgraceful thing and a horrible act. Ok? Thank you all very much. [applause] [captions copyright national cable satellite corp. 2019] [captioning performed by the national captioning institute, which is responsible for its caption content and accuracy. Visit ncicap.org]