ID: CSPANDT1310202078
Title: President Trump Holds Campaign Rally in Johnstown, Pennsylvania
Date: 2020-10-13

President Trump spoke at a rally in johnstown pennsylvania tuesday. The President Talked about the economy, trade and his support for natural gas fracking in states like pennsylvania. This runs an hour and ten minutes.

(music)(music) ladies and gentlemen, the President Of the United States, donald trump. (music)(music) I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free. (music)(music) I won't forget the men who died to give that right to me. (music)(music) and I gladly stand up next to you and remember still today. (music)(music) there ain't no doubt I love this land. (music)(music) God bless the usa.

(music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free. (music)(music) and I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me. (music)(music) and I gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today. (music)(music) there ain't no doubt I love this land. (music)(music) God bless the usa. (music)(music) (music)(music) there and no doubt I love this land.

(music)(music) God bless the usa. (music)(music) (music)(music) [cheering] hello, johnstown. It's incredible to be back in pennsylvania, the proud home of American independence, the American constitution, and American freedom. What a history.

[cheering] 41 days from now, we are going to win the commonwealth pennsylvania and we are going to win four more years in the white House. This election is the simple choice. If biden wins, China wins and all these other countries. We get ripped off by everybody. If we win, you win, pennsylvania and America wins.

Very simple. [cheering] for years, the selfish and corrupt political class, the trade, you know that, the people of the country. Career politicians like joe biden, I don't think , he abused you and crushed your dreams and outsourced your jobs to China and distant lands all over the world. His last American trade policies were a total disaster. They decimated entire towns in the area and we brought back steel and we put tariffs and stop dumping steel and aluminum.

And as Vice president He closed down 10,000 factories while raking in cash from corporations that move jobs overseas and his family got rich. We know that. How did hunter make $3.5 million from the mayor of Russia, rear of , mayor of moscow. So you have the mayor of moscow who gave hunter 3.5 million.

I wonder what he did for that money. The fake news refused to talk about it. They don't want to talk about it.

The wealthy donors, specialists who shutdown the factories and you know it because you really suffered in this area. Ravaged the cities while sacrificing American blood and treasure in these ridiculous foreign wars. Don't worry, they are all coming back home. 2016, pennsylvania voted on the political establishment and you elected an outsider as your President To finally put America first.

[applause] [cheering] we didn't come this far to overcome this much and fight this hard only to surrender the country back to the washington swamp and did we tax them, we caught them. Watch what happened. They spied on the campaign. What they did should never, ever be allowed to happen in this country again. Watch what happened.

This is the most important election in the history of the country. The corrupt burden exchange he's handed control to the socialists and marxists and leftist extremists like the vice presidential candidate. The great thing about air force one, we have more televisions, in closets, all over the place, ceilings. I watched and compared to amy, great future supreme court justice. [applause] [cheering] you know biden, he can't stand up to the lunatics running his party he didn't know the name. You know the guy I think that he's a mormon.

He's talking about mitt romney. Forgot mitt romney's name. Imagine that. Then he didn't know where he was. He said where am I.

I'm running against the single worst candidate in the history of presidential politics and that puts more pressure on me. Imagine if you lose to a guy like this. It's unbelievable. It's disgraceful.

If he wins, the radical left will be running the country. He won't be running the country, the radical left will take over. How about pennsylvania.

He says there will be no fracking. Elizabeth warren refused to get out, so they stole another one for bernie the greatest loser of them all. So she refused to get out.

They wanted me to apologize for saying the word pocahontas. She took enough votes away and that shouldn't happen, but if I don't sound like a typical washington politician that's because I'm not a politician. [cheering] think about it, you talk about politicians.

No fracking for a year and a half and then he goes to pennsylvania and says there will be, like nothing happened. Imagine if I did that. No fracking, then you win and have to go a little to the other direction.

Although he went for their left which is amazing but all of a sudden he comes out in favor of fracking. And it's always the first thing that turns out to be true. They will lose, you will lose and pennsylvania, a million jobs there will be no petroleum products, no fracking whatsoever and did you see the party now because he's saying maybe there will be.

It's a very conditional but with me you are going to. We are now energy independent for the first time ever. I don't always play by the rules of the washington establishment it is because I was elected to fight for you. Right now I'm fighting to rebuild the economy, save the country from the radical left and that is a big thing, because these people, this will end up being a large-scale version of venezuela. They don't have water or medicine or food, they don't have anything.

Despite everything that is thrown at us we've done more the first three and a half years than any administration in history and the best is yet to come. [applause] [cheering] a recent gallup poll just came out , [cheering] just came out to that found 56% of americans say they are better off today than they were under sleepy joe and obama. It's the highest of any President At this point in his term. As we rounded the corner of the pandemic, 56%. They were much much lower.

If they were any good I wouldn't have run for President But they've done a horrible job. How will the hell do you lose to a guy like this. [cheering] by the way, there's a lot of people here tonight. [cheering] a lot of people.

I wish the fake news would show it but they never turn the camera. The great first lady always says how was the crowd. She said they just show your face and about five people behind you. Why don't you do yourselves a favor and show the crowd.

One of the most important issues is the survival of your fracking industry. Joe biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking. How do you do it, he went for a year and a half and they said remember the debates with the radical left.

Then he gets up. I've never seen anything like it in my life. Not one reporter back there said wait a minute we have been pledging for a year and a half then what about the health care for illegal immigrants, who in this group is going to provide healthcare for illegal immigrants.

Everybody raises a hand. Who is going to provide I say sometimes jokingly, sarcastically, everybody gets a free rolls-royce to which c-span says they do not, he has it misrepresented. These people are sick. [cheering] they are sick people, but way remember when joe said raise your hand if everybody is in favor of free everything. Free healthcare for illegal aliens, and show knows. He had no idea what the hell he was doing.

He had no clue. And he is not a nice guy so you understand. If he was, I wouldn't hate him like this but he's a bad guy. He's always been a dummy. [cheering] no, no, and his best of years he was considered a dumb guy.

When asked about fracking, he said he would sure, absolutely make it, we will, eliminate it. That's what he said, the exact words and then 19 different times. Then one day he said I never said that. It's incredible and they don't question him. I couldn't get away with it for a minute.

Did you see the town hall he had with nbc? That was a town hall for a child. A young child. [applause] baron trump, actually, he's too advanced , that was a town hall , [cheering] lester holt, that was a beauty. That was some town hall.

They said yes, we have a random sampling of people, yes, all trump haters. What a group of people that he raised his hand and said illegal immigrants will get healthcare. People don't realize what that means. That means your social security goes down the tubes, your country goes bankrupt, the whole thing is a disaster.

But he raised his hand and now he's trying to say he didn't do it but they don't call him out. A cosponsor of the green green new deal that eliminates all fossil fuels. She's having a hard time getting out of that one. Did you hear the other day she came out in favor. She's further left. I thought bernie was the furthest.

Then instead of socialist, you go. She is further left, considered further left. And they are looking when nancy pelosi does the amendment she's doing it for biden. At this very moment it includes a pledge that means fossil fuel, everything is gone, and it's gone soon. And with that goes our economy and the country. The democratic party hates this clean coal, domestic energy production, and biden will shut you down just like your governor has you shut down right now.

The world health organization said he was right. They said you cannot make the cure worse than the problem itself. I have been saying that for a long time.

We saved 2 million lives. The vaccines are coming soon, the therapeutics and frankly the cure. I took something and whatever it was I felt good very quickly.

I took it and felt like superman. I said let me ask them. I could have been here four or five days ago.

I want to thank the doctors at walter reed and johns hopkins. [applause] [cheering] one great thing about being President If you are not feeling 100% have more doctors than you thought existed in the world. I was surrounded by like 14 of them. I'm from this one. I'm from johns hopkins. I'm from walter reed but what great talented people.

They did a great job. While I'm president, America will remain the world's number one energy producer with pennsylvania workers leading the way and that is what is happening, you are leading the way. You had the best year in the history of your place if you look at the commonwealth of pennsylvania you never want to say state, don't say state, actually nobody cares but you know, you've got two of them, the commonwealth. I went to school year and probably spend more time here than a sleepy joe. I went to school here but we are putting them back to work, joe biden and the democratic socialists, dismantle the police departments, you see that happening. And we've got I said name one law enforcement agency and the whole country that supports you and he couldn't do it.

Then chris wallace bailed him out. I said how can we get to 3.5 million from Russia and they bailed him out again. He was joking. They bailed him out but they wanted to solve the borders. Confiscate your guns and get rid of the second amendment.

[applause] [cheering] somebody said I don't know if a suburban woman likes you. I said , [cheering] I love you too. They said they may not like the way you talk, but I am about law and order and having you safe and having your suburban communities. I don't want to build low income housing next to your House if that's okay. And I ended the regulation that made the zoning so impossible you had to destroy your communities.

Then I hear the suburban woman , I think that the suburban woman , and I used to say suburban housewife but does anybody care, they were all saying no. The only one that cares, trump said suburban housewife, but I didn't say it. You learn very quickly. But suburban women, they should like me more than anybody here tonight because I ended the regulation that destroyed your neighborhoods.

I ended the regulation that brought crime to the suburbs and you can live the American dream. Remember this, 29% of the people experiencing the American dream and the suburbs happen to be minority. 29%, and we are doing this for everybody. We are not doing it one way or the other. And I ended it.

They said we can amend it. I said I don't want to. It was a horror show, and this loser is the one that is going to be in charge.

He's a stone stone cold loser. He will be in charge. So I ask you to do me a favor.

Suburban women, please like me. [cheering] I saved your neighborhood, okay. I don't have that much time to do it and be nice. They want me to be politically correct. Let's talk about it over the next ten years, no, no. We saved suburbia in the u.s.

I got rid of a regulation that was a disaster and unfair and you've been reading about it for a long time. It became much worse under obama and biden. I got rid of it. Even my own people said you will never get rid of it and I said I want to get rid of it.

Why don't we just amend it. I said I want to get rid of it. Get rid of it. Okay. And I think we are going to see that the women like trump a lot.

That happened last time. Remember the last, four years ago they said women will never vote for them. They said the women will never vote and then I got 52%. They said what happened with the women. Except this time, this is much easier because then I was a developer. I was doing great, everything was nice but I've never done this before.

I came in and said I'm going to rebuild the military and cut the taxes and regulations and to get you this and that and take care of the veterans. I did things that frankly I never even talked about like the Space Force. The wall is up to 392 miles, and mexico is paying for the wall by the way. They hate to hear that, but we are putting a charge on where the cars go through and it will more than pay for the wall. But we have now the most secure southern border that we have ever had.

And I want to thank the President Of mexico, they have 27,000 mexican soldiers on the southern border stopping people from coming into the u.s. Illegally. Thank you very much.

[applause] [cheering] but when you did all these things, so this time in theory it should be easier but don't forget, I have gone through years of a fake witchhunt and now it turns out that they were the guilty party. They were the ones dealing with Russia. They were the guilty.

Think if I didn't have every night that fake cnn right over there with their light on , the light just went off. Every time I point to them, the light goes off. That's okay. Nobody's watching them anyway. Think if I didn't have Russia, Russia, and nobody's been tougher. Raised $130 billion a year from other countries that were not paying their bills.

They were delinquent. And that goes up to $410 billion. Nobody did that.

Obama used to send them pillows, may be from the pillow man on fox. Did you ever see a man advertise so much, the biggest advertiser, the greatest advertising genius. If I gave him our budget, you wouldn't be able to do anything else but watch trump ads. The pillow man. I never saw so many in my life. Now he came out with a sheet and I'm going crazy.

That's all we need now is a new sheet. [laughter] but he's on our side, by the way, he's on our side. [cheering] and now biden even refuses to ask the questions on packing the supreme court. You know, elections have consequences. Winning and losing. That is the consequence, and we have been winning elections.

They said you know, trump shouldn't be appointing the new justice because, well, I'm president. In fact, as you know, a lot of your great justices said they are appointing, justice ginsburg said recently, not so long ago, he's President For four years, not for three. She was referring to obama I think, wasn't referring to me I can promise you that. [cheering] don't worry.

It's being filled. It's much easier than building the wall that goes for a lot. Remember it's one of the biggest projects in the history of the country. And we had a party dedicated to the proposition that there would never, ever be a wall. They knew that it was the right thing to do.

I made one big mistake. Instead of saying we will build a wall I should have said we will never ever build a wall and they would have given so much money. What a big mistake. Are you having a good time by the way?

He said the voters don't deserve to know. After the election you know what he's going to do. I had a list with 45 people.

Every one of them is a star. Sit down, everybody, just enjoy yourself. What the hell. Look at this, I didn't even realize you are all standing.

I didn't realize you had seats. This is one of the few crowds to be provided seats. It's because it's pennsylvania, I guess. If they win the, Democrat will pack the supreme court with radical left justices who will shred your second amendment.

You can forget about guns, and power the violent mobs and deadly criminals and terrorists to defend the constitution from this madness. I proudly nominate judge amy coney barrett of the United States supreme court. [applause] [cheering] she will be a great justice of the United States supreme court. She has done so well.

I found it fascinating. I don't have too much time. I tried to watch as much as I could. The radical left is hell bent on destroying everything we love and cherish. Through the rage and unhinged as they are, going crazy.

Think of it, very many presidents never have anybody to a point. I will have by the end of the first term almost 300 federal judges. They want to cancel you, shame you and persecute you. That's what they want to do is shame. This whole cancel cultured culture thing. They don't like abraham lincoln.

I said this three years ago. Remember when they took down a couple statues of people you never heard of, the confederate soldiers. We are protecting the legacy of christopher columbus. It's amazing the people that wanted to live it down disappeared quickly so let me tell you, christopher columbus will always be here on my watch that I can tell you. [applause] [cheering] I had to people the other day that wanted to wish me happy columbus day. Happy christopher columbus day.

So I tally and say thank you I like you, tomac they want to punish the middle class, expunge every phase of the traditional value and that's what could happen. Take a look at what's going on in other parts of the world I'd rather run against joe because there's no enthusiasm or energy our country has been ripped off like no country has ever been ripped off. She biden's agenda would be a catastrophe for seniors. He tried to cut social security and medicare. Let me just tell you this and I say this strongly when I first got elected they always play the social security card and nothing happened.

Your social security is better than ever. Haven't touched it. While I'm president, no one will touch your medicare or social security.

[cheering] under my leadership we are delivering a safe vaccine and rapid recovery. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge. Normal life, that's what we want, normal life.

We want normal life. We will be one of the greatest economic years in the history of the country. [applause] [cheering] it's already happening. How about the stock market. He who has a 4o1k and the audience.

I can tell you one thing, I am getting all of your votes. As we are rounding the turn on the pandemic I could have stayed in the basement or the top floor of the white House but I'm the president. I couldn't do that. I have to get out and meet people and I know it's risky to do that but you have to do what you have to do.

I can't say let's wait this out. I'm not going to do that. I'm immune now. They tell me I could come down and start kissing everybody. I will kiss anybody, man and woman. Look how handsome he is.

Not with a lot of enjoyment, but I will. Joe biden would terminate the recovery, delay the vaccine, prolong the pandemic and annihilate the economy with draconian unscientific lockdowns like you are having right now in pennsylvania with this governor who is killing you. Open up pennsylvania. You know it's going to happen.

November 4th. They want to keep the numbers as bad as possible. Here's the problem, the numbers are going to come out just before the elections we have november 3rd. The numbers are going to come out. Pennsylvania is a late voting state. Going to the pole because you see all the shenanigans.

All I can tell you is when I came here I promised you a lot of things. I've done much more than I promised you. The best year you've had. Almost 90%, the mortality rate is at like 85 if you have it seven or eight months ago it's not as good and soon it's going to be perfecto. I said the drug they gave me we are going to be distributing it all over the country to hospitals and everything else because I tell you, that sucker works. The people that did it, they are phenomenal people that had great success with other vaccines and drugs.

We learned another member of the biden family is getting rich off connections to joe. Son-in-law casting in on the China virus pandemic just like hunter. What do you think when he walks out with 1.5 billion to manage for China I said to a friend of mine one of the biggest on wall street does that ever happened he said I'm the biggest guy in wall street. That doesn't happen. Ten minutes he had $3.5 billion. Maybe it isn't so stupid.

We launched the largest globalization since world war ii and we should get credit for what we've done because I tell you all these people have worked 24 hours around the clock. Remember when they said you don't want to ban China give me a definition of xenophobic and he was unable to do that. There were lifesaving therapies and fatalities. By 85%, I'm working to make the antibody treatments I've received and they are going to be shipped very soon. We are working on and emergency youth authorization and the fda has never responded. This could have taken years what we've done and we've done it in weeks.

When do you need it, how about tomorrow. The fda has been great. Everybody fighting to recover from the virus, I feel your pain because I felt your pain. We will beat the virus together.

Who has had it. A lot of people. You are the people I want to say hello to because you are immune or they say that.

They hate to admit it because I had it. If you have it you are in the afterlife. Once I got it they give you for months. Anybody else but me. Operation warp speed will have 100 million vaccine doses by the end of the year and it will lend the pandemic once and for all. Remember this because I have the endorsement of I think every major law enforcement and minor law enforcement group in the country.

We have a lot of Democrat that left their party. I can tell you by looking, look at this group over here I know the law enforcement people. Nobody's done better we had all of the surplus military equipment nobody wanted to give it out because they said it looked to militaristic.

I said I want to save lives and we gave out hundreds of millions sitting in warehouses all over, military equipment but there's nobody like the great men and women of law enforcement. [cheering] but this is also about , look at that. See, they love you. I didn't expect that.

[cheering] that's great. It's about law and order. You look at portland. We keep saying to the governor lets us solve the problem in 30 minutes.

They don't want to do that. They are supposed to ask you to come in. We did a great job in minnesota. Instead of ten days they could have called us like two hours later. But they came in and lined up and were not socially distanced. They came in wearing black uniforms, 250,000, the most expensive uniforms.

Ice never saw expensive computers on a helmet but they had their tear gas and pepper spray which the other side doesn't want us to use anymore. There's a lot of bad people out there. They are in our anarchists, radical left anarchists. So they came in. There was one person, then another one and another and you had one line and to line and two line and they started moving forward.

It ended within 30 minutes it was over. We would love to go into portland. One man, a horrible guy shot somebody right in the middle of the street, he wasn't hurting anybody. Two days went by, three days went by. We sent in the u.s. Marshals and in 15 minutes it was over.

Biden, harris and the democratic party declared war on our police and we proudly received the endorsement of the national national association of police organizations, the national troop coalition, the international union of police associations, the pennsylvania state troopers association the order of police including those in philadelphia pittsburgh, scranton and every single police organization and during the debate I asked joe give me one organization law enforcement endorsing you and he couldn't do it. Chris wallace saved him and I said remember so say the words law and order and he wouldn't do it because he would be run out of his party. At the end didn't he say law and order and safety and justice and all the stuff, no, say law and order. He couldn't do it. So we are joined time night by warriors of a different type, political warriors and friends of mine, great people, representative john joyce.

[applause] [cheering] he's been around a long time and fights like hell. Gp thompson. Be careful I hear you are up 40 points. Another one only about 44 points, a really good friend of mine and tough as hell, mike kelly. If you need any help I will come and help you in the district.

The a friend of mine and great gentle man of the first one that predicted I was going to win this thing, former Congressman Lou barletta. How are we doing are we doing okay, how do we compare to four years ago. Better.

He said the right thing. I think a lot better because we produced, again four years ago I said we are going to do things. Now we've done them all, plus additional things. I never talked about Space Force.

That's a major achievement for four years. That's one thing out of so many things but I never used to talk about that. And the former chair of the pennsylvania Republican party, a friend of mine and who knows more about pennsylvania than any human being on earth, rob gleason. [applause] [cheering] how are we doing, good. Okay, good.

He said and another group came down that didn't want his advice, they came down from boston and put events all over the place and they said you are going to the wrong location. Anyway they ended up losing big. We came and said what do you think the best places are and we agreed with you. He's been a fantastic friend.

Thank you for being here. Appreciate it. [applause] [cheering] with their help and your help we are delivering for the American people like no never before. No administration has ever done this in the first three and a half years.

My first three years in office family income increased by 6,000 and that doesn't include energy which I think you could double it up. More than five times in all eight years of the obama administration. African-American income grew nine times more than it did under the last administration. Think of it, african-American income grew not two or three but nine times more. And these are out-of-the-box. These numbers are out of the book.

Real wealth for the bottom 50% grew nearly twice as fast and the top 1%, hispanic family net worth increased by 64% in a short period of time, 64. We added nearly 600,000 manufacturing jobs and we added 15,000 factories and obama said he will never produce manufacturing jobs, remember, you would need a magic wand. Well, we found the magic wand and lifted 4.6 million americans out of poverty including 1 million african-americans and more than 1.5 million hispanic americans doing great with both groups and we love them. Those are great numbers. Wages are the lowest income the lowest income americans grew twice as fast as those near the top.

You never hear that stuff. The big beneficiary with the lowest income americans. Policies have benefited those who need it the most. After the virus came in from China and we had a change, we had to do things. This came out, it was a sudden horrible thing. China should havechina should have never, ever let it happen.

They should have never let it happen. We've seen the smallest economic contraction of any major western nation by far and we've seen by far the fastest recovery of any nation. In the past five months we have created a record 11.4 million jobs, that's American jobs, that's the fastest recorded. Job growth has been 23 times faster than the first five months. Think of this, the first five months of the obama biden recovery, 23 times.

We cut unemployment rates in half. It took 30 months to recover more than half the jobs lost in the crisis. We did it in five months, so we are talking about numbers nobody could believe. Homebuilder confidence has reached an all-time high. We are in a pandemic and it's reached an all-time high.

Manufacturing optimism has doubled. Consumer confidence which just came out surged nearly 20% and small confidence is higher than any time in the entire decade preceding my election and we are rounding the turn on the pandemic. [applause] [cheering] we spent the last four years reversing the damage joe biden inflicted over the last 47 years. He made every bad deal in the book and by the way if you look at the h1 n1, remember, joe, h comes before in. What was his name again, senator, maybe he was a governor, that's right, it was romney.

It's amazing and he gets away with it. You only see it on the internet. They never report it. They should.

They are doing the country a great disservice by not reporting it. But he supported nafta and China's entry into the wto which is one of the worst things that ever happened to the country. For half a century, biden twisted his weight into the heart of the American worker. He shouldn't be asking for your vote, he should be asking for your forgiveness. He did a rotten job. [applause] [cheering].

To save the auto industry the last tpp that would've been a disaster to destroy the automobile industry into the and the steel and aluminum workers I propose posteriors remember they were dumping stealing were getting killed saving them from total destruction and frankly have at not common you have a steel industry that nobody had ever seen before at that level propose a short period of time so some stupid person comes in does it four times of what it should be I ended that nafta nightmare signing into a brand-new usmca agreement and also the parents climate accord. [applause] that was going to destroy our country. If you look at what has happened over a very short period of time the progress this nation has made you will see it it was happening at every single record but the jobs are coming back and the market will almost be topping the market from before that plague. That is pretty amazing. [applause] biden was to rejoin the whole ballgame in which is a death sentence appears accord.

Terrible I know my job is to represent pennsylvania, not paris. Pennsylvania. Not paris. [applause] a lot of nice people can represent various the first action ever to confront China is rampant theft of americans jobs we gave a lot of money to our farmers because they are targeted they did better without even going anything to be honest 28 billion a lot left over that went into the treasury of the United States to defend American workers earlier today I also signed in order to crack down on chinese counterfeiters who sell their fake products all over the United States. [applause] they put the name tiffany and the blue box tiffany tiffany.

With the tariffs in China he said he will take the tariffs off to the grocery them and steel industry. Allowing them without consequence the one constant in bidens platform and surrenders whether China or cuba how about the deal they made with cuba how bad was that? I ended that that's why China and the far left are desperate for a biden win because he will surrender our jobs to China. China will only United States if that sleepy guy gets the position.

Okay? Space bar forget about pennsylvania. Your streets will be surrendered to the mob.

The crime is at work are those super liberal democratic areas unlike sleepy joe biden I will never abandon the nation I will never abandon its values my goal is not to make friends in dc my goal is to fight for you and fight your families. [cheers and applause] in 2017 I probably signed a historic executive order to make an official government policy to buy American and higher American. [cheers and applause] my opponent has a plan to eliminate us borders by implementing catch and release programs do not that is the cachet murder you catch a rapist coming across the border and you release them.

You catch them and release them and say I'm sorry and 20 years come back for a court case and nobody comes back and then in the sanctuary cities suspending all removals they don't want any removals. You have people in this country legally even if they are murderers rapist, no matter what they are you can't remove that we have removed tens of thousands of people including ms 13. [cheers and applause] it would be a total notification of borders ramming every city and town in America especially in a place like pennsylvania biden wins reporters are gone which means your healthcare is gone the middle class is gone and your safety is gone other than that you will do nicely. Under my leadership we achieve the most secure border in us history we are finishing the wall that will be built very soon with the greatest celebration that was a tough one they said we don't need a wall looking at the people pouring across the border they wanted modern technology there were two things that will be around in a thousand years but there are two things all and we'll in a thousand years that will be here we invested two.$5 trillion in the us military launching the first new branch of the United States armed forces in 75 years, space bar's we passed the choice and the v.a.

Accountability nobody else could of got that done. [applause] we killed the leader of ISIS, ISIS, aku bakr al-baghdadi and took out 100 percent of the isys caliphate and when I took over it was all over the place. It was a mess.

The world's number one terrorist and mass murderer of many troops and people over the world world, qassem soleimani is dead. [applause] the Iran nuclear deal one of the worst things I've ever seen, john kerry he didn't know what the hell he was doing. He gave $150 million, one.8 million in cash for nothing.

Recognizing the true capital of israel and moving the American embassy in Jerusalem with. [cheers and applause] I also recognize israeli sovereignty on heights 52 years been trying to get it one - - the golan heights. Is actually nominated for a nobel peace prize. [applause] the press did not cover that.

I was no longer is nominated for three nobel peace prize. [applause] I did more in 47 months then joe biden did in 47 years. [applause] now biden is pushing the most far left agenda ever performed by a presidential nominee he will win your energy and your state and then to destroy the social security and protections for pre-existing conditions. Bidens running they sponsored a bill applying to health insurance we have 180 million people with private plans and they want to keep it that way they want to get rid of them they terminated the travel plans and refugee admissions he said that's okay. Let them come in. Remember the brand.

It's okay we have unfriendly countries. He was where paperport into the country with a 700 percent increase I don't want to speak too much this is real would be haven't seen too many things happening lately he will - - with the school to scholarships in the second term I will provide school choice for every parent in America. [cheers and applause] level for Republican is a vote for safe communities and a limitless future for all americans and in conclusion I love being back with you in pennsylvania.

What a night that was remember that night? The commonwealth of pennsylvania you want to call it I said call it already we were a 90 percent if I lost every single vote we still wanted to o'clock in the morning before they called in the meantime wisconsin and michigan came in but they refuse to call pennsylvania they just couldn't remember they were crying? [laughter] over the next four years will make America into the manufacturing power of the world ending our reliance on China and it's already happening. Hiring more police me will and those sanctuary cities.

Will uphold religious liberty free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheers and applause] we will strike down terrorist think he americana ridiculous wars and the unrivaled military might and we will ensure, peace through strength. By the way, that military two.

Two.$5 trillion, we have weapons and equipment of which no country has ever seen before. We are the envy of Russia. We are the envy of China. We are the envy of everybody. There was no country that has what we have.

And I will tell you, when I first came here whenever generals, highly overrated and said sir, we have no ammunition. Now we have the greatest weapons anywhere in the world. Just hope to God we never have to use them. [cheers and applause] we will require price transfers which is already signed january 1st and it kicks in to further reduce the cost of prescription drugs I am talking up to 80 percent because of what I have done with favored nations giving the lowest price they pay a fraction of what we pay. Whatever they pay I want to pay may why do we pay more than any other nation? The drug companies don't love me too much just in case you have not heard we were strongly protect medicare and social security and always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.

[applause] America will land the first woman to land on the moon and we will be the first in the nation to land an astronaut on mars. We are very close. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and we will reinstall patriotic education. [applause] we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. [cheers and applause] and we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust.

[applause] for years you had a President Who apologized for America they have a President Who stands up for America and standing up for the great people of pennsylvania. Get your friends, get your family get out and vote like you have never voted before. Places me one like erie pennsylvania from erie to houston from pittsburgh to harrisburg and allentown to johnstown we stand on the shoulders of pennsylvania patriots who gave their blood and sweat and tears for this beloved nation. This is the state where our founding fathers declared American independence who can say that? What you've done here and this history of this incredible place the commonwealth of pennsylvania think of what you have done and with valley forge and General George washington.

Those statues are not coming down. [cheers and applause] with a steering mission across the delaware and our nation is named by the heroes of gettysburg this is a place where generations strong pennsylvania workers work the railroads that made America into the greatest and powerful nation in the history of the world and you have seen nothing yet. Wait until you see what we are doing. We are making our country greater than ever before. Proud citizens like you hope to build this country and together we are taking back our country.

We are returning power to you the American people and with your help and your devotion and your drive we will keep working and keep on fighting and keep on winning winning winning. And when your Congressman Comes with the group of four years but when they see me in the oval office they say mr. President were not used to winning this much we have to slow down a little bit we will not slow down at all pennsylvania was to win more than anybody in this country wants to win.

Pennsylvania. We would never stop. We will keep on winning. We will win so much you will love every moment of it. Many years with your factories and plants left with ineffective leadership don't kid yourself now you are winning and you are winning like never before. Open it up governor, open it up because we are one family one people and one glorious nation under God.

Together with the incredible people of pennsylvania, we have made America wealthy again. [cheers and applause] we have made America strong again. [applause] we have made America proud again. [applause] and we will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much pennsylvania.

Get out and vote. [cheers and applause] (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) (music)(music) supreme court nominee judge amy coney barrett.