ID: CSPANDT1810202086
Title: President Trump Holds Campaign Rally in Nevada's Capital
Date: 2020-10-18

you see what's going on to the road all the way up here? We have people all the way up. I'll tell you, it was never like that for the last administration. They tell may you know, I'll ask the guys that happened to be with me. They were with the last one to they don't say much.

I said it wasn't like that. They said, sir, nothing was like that. It was never like that.

And they've got the trump signs and the flags of the American flags all over with a lthough American flags. Thank you very much. Hello, carson city. Hello, eyes. Great to be back in nevada with the thousands of loyal, hard working American patriots. Great people.

Can you believe it? 16 days, 16 days. And you know what? 16 days from now, we're going to win the state of nevada. We're going to win four more years in the white House on.

We're gonna keep it going early voting is underway, so get out and vote and they're getting a little worried because certain areas you know, we know we're gonna have a big red wave. We're gonna have a tremendous they know if these fakers back there they know. Hey, no. All you have to do is look at this crowd when did we set this up like two days ago? Will be in carson city in about two days that the people come out like crazy on the people in the road.

Thousands and thousands because they couldn't get in. It's pretty sad when you take an airport and it's not big enough, right? Sir, we have a problem we have in airports. Not big enough. But you know what's happening.

So we have the big red wave is gonna happen, and that's gonna happen on november 3rd and a little before for the voting. But you can get out now, right? Michael?

They could get out now and they could vote. But, you know, strange things are happening in north carolina. Ah, lot of people are out there voting.

You know, those lines of miles long, miles long and there were a lot of red caps that were there were in caps and they were in badges and they were in those beautiful shirts. A lot of them. They love our country. They worked so hard, but they weren't in devoting for a long time that about four years ago they went out and now they're out.

And I think even more so. There's even mawr enthusiasm now then we had four years ago. Actually, it's hard to believe and I'll say it for the fake news by a lot. So, like, I'll give you an example of michigan and michigan. We're supposed to be I probably 80 20 with us on the back, but we're gonna catch him. You know, everyone's expecting we're gonna do well, we should, with all the auto plants being built in michigan hadn't been built for 42 years, and now they're building them all over the place.

Bell. A lot of jobs. They had the best year they ever had. Michigan had the best year.

They have a governor that's got it locked down. But now we forced it. Open up. They ruled unconstitutional what she was doing.

But here's what's happening. So in michigan were supposed to be, you know, they're going to take the big lead. Then we were like a racehorse that we're going to catch him with a big red wave because our people like to go and vote. You know, I like to go until but something strange is happening in michigan is happening in other places. Do but it's happening in michigan because we're not at 20%.

We're leading in the early vote on this never happened. That's never happened before for the Republican. It doesn't work that way now. No fairness. Until I won michigan four years ago, michigan hadn't been one in decades, many decades by Republican.

But we want it. And now we should win it by even more because everything I said that would happen happen to all the plants, all the good economy and everything. Until the China virus came in the plague, the plague from China.

But now we're and how do I look? Okay. Do I look okay? Way things today that we couldn't do. We could do things today.

We couldn't do. Seven months ago when we got hit with this thing, the whole world got hit with it. They should have kept it in. They could have kept it in. They protected their country.

But they didn't protect the world or us Europe. And we will never forget. We will never forget. We had just signed an incredible trade deal. The wasn't dry. And then we got hit by the plague.

But we will not forget, but you know, we were doing numbers like the likes of which we've never done before. 160 million people employed. You had the best year you ever had. But almost all states, I could say I don't have to do a lot of research. Almost every state was having the best year they ever had.

And then we closed it up and we saved over two million lives by doing what we did. You know, they don't like to say that you get a great job, but we're now doing the vaccines. They're coming out very soon. Very strong. Great companies.

Johnson and johnson fights a lot of modern, a great company. There's a lot more than that. But they also have ah lot of other things. And I would, you know, they call them therapeutics. For me, it was a cure.

I mean, what's the difference? I said, give me a definition. Because I wasn't feeling exactly I wasn't like, oh, g, I feel great. Okay?

I hate to admit I didn't feel, you know, I haven't been somebody that's had a lot of problems with that stuff, so I hate to admit it, but, you know what? I was not feeling great. Does that make sense to you?

That wasn't exactly feeling the best. But the great thing is, when you're president, you have so many doctors. I was saying I was saying to a group this morning. I said I had so many had 12 doctors around the bed and everyone was grabbing a different part of my body. I didn't on. They're all super geniuses, but I was not feeling good.

And then they gave me this regeneron, which is an antibody onda great company. Great great company. Tremendous success with cures, vaccines, other things on. They actually came up with the ebola drug which saved so many lives.

They came up with a lot of good stuff and the other ones too. But this was one I liked because it just seemed to have a very good record, but it was brand new, hadn't been tested, hadn't been approved or anything, by the way, we're approving it for everybody that needs it. Free of charge.

Because it wasn't your fault on eli lilly makes a drug based on the same concept. Eli lilly, great company from indiana. Great state, great state. Because I want to buy a lot. You know, every state that I win by a lot or win by a little we're happy with. And by the way, we're leading.

You know, in the state of nevada, you better get out of why wouldn't way. But anyway, I took this drug. I wasn't feeling good. It's ah, transfusion, as they say, like one hour. And the next day, I felt like supermen.

I got up. I said, what the hell is going on? Block. Whoa! I felt like supermen.

I said, come on, bring him on. Bring him on. Whoever it is now, I felt good and I could have left. I could. I wanted to leave the hospital.

Then there's a circuit. We have a couple of days, please. But these doctors air great. I love you too. I love you. Change.

Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you.

But these doctors in greater we could do things today. Seven months ago was unheard of. Really? The whole antibody thing was was you know, what they've done is incredible with the therapeutics and all of the vaccines that you're gonna see coming on board right now. So you know, I say you get out there and things are opening up. Tell your governor to open up.

Tell her everybody toe open up. I told michigan michigan we sue and they found her. She was it was unconstitutional. The only person that her state was opened up for was her husband. He was allowed to go and sail this boat, do whatever the hell he wanted to, but nobody else could do anything.

They were, like, locked in the prison. And it's very bad, you know, that causes a lot of problems that causes with the alcohol and drugs and depression and suicide, believe it or not. And the cure cannot be worse than the problem itself. So I can't do it right.

So if you vote for may and you know what's gonna happen, let me change it when you vote for way, have a lot of people here. Is there anybody that's gonna vote for sleepy joe in this crowd? Please?

Not too many, not too many sleepy joe. I can't even believe it should have never even gotten the nomination. It was bernie's nomination until elizabeth warren pocahontas split up the vote.

But let's change it when you vote for may. Prosperity will search. Your taxes will be cut even further.

And I gave you the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. Theo pandemic is rounding the turn it around and we have the vaccines coming and they go crazy. The factors.

But I will tell you it's rounding the turn with or without its rounding the turn, you'll see that normal life. That's all we want. We want normal life, right or normal. Just way. Wanna be where we were seven months ago?

Right will fully resume the nevada tourism and hospitality industry, which is fantastic, will come roaring back and it will. And next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. For every unless somebody like sleepy joe biden wants to substantially increase your taxes and your regulation, you know, we cut your regulations used to take up to 21 years to get a highway approved. Can you believe in 21 years you ever see the big charts where showed you have to go here, here, here, then back take years and years. It could be 21 years, and then they get none of that 21 years and then they disapprove it. Okay, you know, how would you like to have that job?

After 21 years, you're going for a vote and then you lose 3 to 2, and that's the end of that. So a big portion of your life was trying to get something approved, and we have it down to two years. I think I have it down to one year, and it may be disapproved if it's environmentally not good. If it's unsafe, it may be.

But it's gonna be one year, two years, and most likely it will be approved and it will get done. He wants to terminate our newfound energy independence, and that's what he wants. Todo he wants to end fracking, you know? Do you ever see this guy? For a year and a half?

There will be no fracking, no fracking, no fracking. Then he goes thio a great place, pennsylvania. And they say, by the way, we have a million jobs for fracking. Oh, we will have fracking. We will have.

And the fake news doesn't even talk to him about it. They don't ask him like well, how come for a year and a half. You said there's no fracking.

And then as soon as you get the nomination, you say this fracking. Remember hillary? She said, no call, no clean coal note call. Forget it. Then three weeks later, she had to go toe know him up. You mean him up?

Because you see what's happening with biden so corrupt. He is a corrupt politician. But did you see hillary? And then she goes to west virginia and she said, oh, well, actually I like call, but it was a little bit too late. It was a little bit too late. You got record low numbers.

West virginia, great place. They don't like it when somebody says you can't dig coal. That was not good. But biden wants to launch a socialist takeover of health. Care to cut our military budget on.

He wants to cut it right to the bone. Well, the Democrat do not like our military. They always, you know. Traditionally, we have built the greatest military any time that we've ever had anywhere in the if you vote for biden, he will surrender your jobs to China.

He will surrender your future to the virus. He's gonna lock down. Just go. Once the lock down, he'll listen to the scientists.

If I listen totally to the scientists, we would right now have a country that would be in a massive depression instead of were like a rocket ship. Take a look at the numbers. And that's despite the fact that we have, like, five or six of these Democrat keeping their states closed because they're trying to hurt us on november 3rd. But the numbers are so good.

Anyway, they'd be even better, but new york should be open. Michigan now has to open because of the court case. North carolina should be open. They should be open. You guys.

You wanna open? Yeah. You wanna open?

Pennsylvania has toe open. I mean, you know, way have places. And sometimes they're open, but they're partially open.

They're not open like they should be. Get the places open. Let's go. Let's see.

Oh, but he will surrender your country to the radical socialist left. You see that happening? This election is a choice between a trump super recovery which we're in right now. Or a biden depression. You will have a depression first of all, your taxes, they're gonna be quadrupled.

You will have a depression, the likes of which we have not seen since 1929. That's what's gonna happen on. I'm very good at those things. You will have one of the great depressions of all time, your taxes. They're gonna go up your regulations, they're going to go up. Everybody's gonna be leaving our country.

All those jobs and companies that I brought in, they're all going back to where they came from. All he wants to do is raise it even in the companies who wants to raise it for the company. So they go back to another location. They came because we cut taxes. Now he wants to raise their taxes. They will leave.

It's very simple, you know, it's one of those things. It's a choice between strong borders or no borders between supporting the police or defunding the police between delivering a vaccine and record time to kill the virus or a biden shutdown to kill the economy on november 3rd, vote for jobs, safety, lower taxes, a secure second amendment and freedom. There's a lot of people here. Look at that. A lot of people I wish the cameras would show it. They never show it right.

They never show it. They show me and you know what happens over my shoulders. About three or four people, three people. They're always complaining. I don't see mi mean, there's a lot of masks on a mask now.

They're corrupt people. But joe biden is from a failed and corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our country. Guys been here for 47 years. It's an amazing I do something, he says.

Oh, I would have done if he's been here for 47 years now, all of a sudden, he says, oh, we should have done this when I closed and put a ban on China coming and heavily infected, I saved thousands, probably hundreds of thousands of lives, he said. I was xenophobic. I shouldn't have done it. Months later, he agreed it was the right thing to do. Now he goes out.

I should have done it sooner, and yet he didn't want me to do it. Months later, these people, I don't know how they get away with it. You know why? Because those people are more corrupt than anybody they don't even ask.

They don't even ask him. For the last 47 years, they shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, let drugs pour into our country and all over our great communities. And they ravaged our cities while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless, ridiculous foreign wars in countries that you never even heard off. By the way, they're all coming back.

They've been coming back. People don't like to hear it. People don't like the reporter coming back rapidly. He's a servant of the wealthy donors, globalists and special interests who got rich bleeding America dry and putting America last. As your president, I could have been the greatest fundraiser of all time. You know, you see these numbers that they're raised raised 300 million.

Know why when they raise money, that's a deal. They're making deals. I would be the single greatest fundraiser in history. I'll call up the head of goldman sachs. I'll call up that of all these wall street guys, most of my know or know enough about.

I know more. I know I know too much and I could call up. Listen, do me a favor would you give 10 million to my campaign? Yes, mr president. Would you give 20 million to?

Yes, but but you know, when you do that, you have to say anything when they call you in three months and they say we need help with this or that or that. It's, you know, very hard, like, sort of almost morally they did for you. And you do for them.

And it doesn't have to be a a deal or a quid pro quo like he had right, like he had with the billion dollars to get his son out of problems with the prosecutor on. They never asked him about that either. But I would be the greatest fundraiser of all time. But I don't like to do that because it puts us at a disadvantage on.

We never want to be in a disadvantage. So easy to think of it. The President Calls, I'll give me whatever the hell I want.

Yeah. 2016. You voted to fire this corrupted and decrepit political establishment and you elected an outsider as President Who is finally putting America first. Joe biden is and always has been a corrupt politician. He always has been.

And as far as I'm concerned, the biden family is a criminal enterprise. It really is looking. What's going on? It's a criminal. You know?

I don't know what's going on with the, you know, the Democrat. A very powerful party. But it's not the Democrat.

It's the Democrat, plus the fake news media. And then it's also including big tech. Okay, here it is. It's me. I'm all you have between your second amendment and chaos and all the problems. It's me.

I'm all you have and the Republican. I love the Republican, and we have some great right. But they have to learn to stick together better. You know, we have some stupid people, you know, way have some stupid people. Some of them are gone.

Flake, corker, they're gone. But now we have this guy sass, you know, wants to make a statement. Little ben.

Little ben says the Republican have to stick together better. You don't see that one thing I respect about the Democrat. They stick together. You know what they have? Lousy policy.

They want open borders. They want sanctuary cities. They want a lot of they want to raise your they want a quadruple your taxes. But the one thing is, they stick together. The Republican have to learn.

They gotta stick together. I don't know. And by the way, it's been that way for decades.

I don't know what the hell is in the blood. Could you explain that to me, please? Michael?

Uh, what the hell is going on? It's been that way for many decades. I don't know.

There's always a few. They want to make a statement. Hey, since a bunch of website. Very good.

Now I love them. They've been great. Hey, look on on the impeachment hoax. I couldn't do better.

The 197 to nothing in the House. Republican on we even had the Democrat or to come and join us, right? That was an impeachment over a telephone call. That was perfect. Other than that think of that.

But 197 to nothing. And with the Senate 52 a half to a half, who is the half? I can't think of it. Oh, biden couldn't think he couldn't remember dave, right? He couldn't remember the name.

You know the guy. The guy from I think he was a governor. I'm not sure or not. What is he? A senator?

Yeah. What's his name? Mitt romney. That's right.

That's he didn't. Number which I thought was insulting to mitt romney. I wouldn't insult mitt romney that way.

Okay, but biden couldn't remember his name. You know, they've only known each other for about 35 years now. Biden. Look, biden is gone.

Let's not kid ourselves. We wanna be nice. Biden is gone. Zo, can you imagine having kamala most liberal member of garden, the most liberal member of Congress and I think that whole thing that's why nancy pelosi is talking about the 25th amendment.

That's the real reason they want to get him the hell out. The bidens make crooked hillary clinton look like an absolute amateur on. She's pretty bad.

And I do want to hear from law enforcement. Why are they looking at? Maybe they are, and I hope they are.

You know, I try and stay out of it because I'm trying very hard to be so right down the middle. But why aren't they looking at the fact that you got a subpoena from the United States Congress for 33,000 emails and she deleted every single one of them and then acid washed them on? Then she pounded her telephones with a hammer. I've gotten rid of cell phones and I throw them away, you know, now I throw him into the secret service.

Okay, I give them back. But before this, I throw him away. I get a new one, right? She pounded the out of him with a hammer.

How many people have gotten rid of your cell phones and pounded them to death with a hammer? So I just want to know why aren't they looking at that? Why are they looking at that?

Why aren't they looking at omar? Omar? Ilhan omar?

Yeah, but the biggest of them all is joe. He's corrupt. And they found the laptop. You know what they call that? The laptop from hell.

That is a laptop. That's a laptop from hell. Let's see what happens with it. Let's see what happens with it. So a giant trove of emails show hunter biden making deals, setting up meetings with his father joe and using the office of the Vice president For a for profit cash machine. It's what it is.

This guy's a vacuum cleaner. He follows his father around and takes millions, hundreds of millions and billions of dollars out of these countries. I mean, that is so dishonest. That's so crooked. He is. I call him the human vacuum cleaner, right?

You know those things on television. He's better than any one of them. Joe biden said he knew nothing, but he lied because they have this. I'm telling you, this laptop is a disaster. The fake news and big tech don't want to write about it, though they don't want anything to do with it.

And they punished and thank you to the new york post. It's unbelievable what they're doing. You know, it's the fifth or fourth watches newspaper, so you call it the mainstream, not the lame stream, but the mainstream media. But it's the I guess, the fourth largest.

It's the oldest newspaper in the u. S. E think was alexander hamilton founded it, right? And they should be very proud of what they're doing because the new york times refuses to write about it. And the fake washington post, which is a total fake, you know, that's a lobbyist for bezos and the group. Okay for amazon, but hey, calls it the lobbyist.

He must call it that. I call it the lobbyist. Okay, you're in the washington post. You have a little power. It's a free lobbyist, although it's probably not a free one.

That probably cost him a fortune, but it gives him what he needs. But it's fake. And if you look at nbc and msndc right. And if you look at abc, how about stephanopoulos the other day?

You know, he interviewed me two weeks. He gave me a tough interview, but I didn't consider it unfair, although turned out, the audience was stacked against me. There were some trump people and some biting people, and some people I know didn't work out that way, did it? And actually, they were very nice, right?

The one woman said how handsome you know, the one woman? No, I'd rather have that. I'd rather have that than have her say. You're a wonderful politician. Dealt with that.

I'd rather have a what's better than that? Right, michael, you're so handsome. You have such a great smile.

But see, here's what happened with her. She was so nice, but she was supposed to be like, I think, a former hillary supporter. But the way she said it to me, it was so nice and then after the show and she said it right.

Did anyone say that it was so lovely? And then after the show, she went rogue. I wouldn't vote for him. I went. In other words, they said, wait a minute, this isn't that the earlier I'm sure that the Democrat, together with their partner, abc television network, said what the hell happened with her? That's a terrible thing that she did.

So I'm sure they hit her very hard and she got back in line, okay? But I think hopefully her first statement was the statement. She believed he's a handsome man. See, now the fake news well, say President Trump went on a rant, talking about how answer me is.

They don't understand. He went on a rent. It was a terrible thing. We don't think he's handsome.

Actually, they think I must be the most unattractive human being they've ever seen. Except what they don't realize is without me, they will have ratings that will nosedive. They'll go out of business, every one of them, right? Right. You know, I'm making this speech a little bit longer than I'm looking at this crazy nevada son, and I'm sitting here with his white skin. But who the hell cares if I get a little sun burner?

Yeah, they don't wanna write about a report on the scandal because they want biden to win. You know, I've always said in the end, they're gonna all endorse may, because if biden wins there at a business, this is the most boring human being I've ever seen. But they want biden to win so they can take over a country because they will take it over between big tech. Section 2 30 by the way. All right, go ahead. Now, joe, no, no.

Now that it'll be, it'll be one of the great. It'll be one of the great disasters. I'm telling you. Depression.

Just remember the word and you know it. And california, you from california, dio come on, gabe. Let's go, gabe. Come on, gabe.

Two years ago. You know I just left. I'll tell you what. So I just left california, and I was in a place that was sort of Republican, but I was with a wonderful reporter.

I just spoke to him from the washington times, which is a really good newspaper, by the way, and he reported very strongly the crowds were unbelievable, unbelievable. And I don't know why we wouldn't win california. We're playing it a little bit. In theory, you're not supposed to be able, but they have everything against them. High crime, homeless.

They don't take care of the homeless. I tell nancy pelosi, come back to san francisco and take care of your homeless. Nancy theo. Endless forest fires their endless I do. I like the governor.

But I said, do you ever stop with these forest fires? Can you ever stop? They gotta manage the forest, you know?

They talk it z. It's all sorts of reasons. They gotta manage the forest, manage it. It's called forest management, but they got to stop. They got to stop. And now they have a new thing.

They're running out of water and you know they've run out of electricity. There brownouts, blackouts. What's going on?

A lot of people are leaving. They're leaving for texas. They're leaving for texas. They're leaving for florida. They're leaving for places that are really well, but it's very interesting. A big thing the other day they're going to ration their water in california commit, and I felt so badly I called up his it is.

Oh, do you have a what? They dio millions of gallons on our come down from the north. Poor downpour down. So it's they have so much right. They have so much water, but they routed into the pacific ocean because they have a smelt, right?

Is it a smell? How's that for a memory? Good? There's no problem there as there's no smell.

Well, thank you. It's a little tiny fish, and it's been having difficulty over the last long time. With water without water is having difficulty, but they want to save the smelt and in saving the smell that destroying human lives right on their destroying the farmers and even los angeles, the homes. So they have a thing where they're bringing it down, ultimately to 42 gallons of person.

And that sounds like a lot. Look, if somebody said you could have 42 gallons of person, I think a day it sounds like a lot of water, right? It's not. It's like a quick shower and let's wash your hands. Then they have a mandate.

Wash your hands at all times. You must always, constantly. What? Then? They say 42 got. Say, wait a minute.

Okay, I got a deal. I won't take a shower for the next couple of weeks that way. No, it's true. So 42 gallons it sounds like a lot, but it's really not a friend of mine.

He has this massive House. He says I'm not gonna be able to take a shower. I live in the House is gorgeous House, right? Can take a shower. Wash your hands every hour every 15 minutes. You know what I did?

I tell you this crazy. So you know what bothers me when you go into a new hotel in new House? They have these force. It's right. And you tell them when the water comes out. Even if you live in like north carolina, you live in areas where up in new england you live.

Most of our country has so much what we don't know what to do with. The problem is how do you get rid of it? But they do for, like, the desert like here. But they do for areas that are a little bit tougher for water. But even you have the water, so they do it.

So they come up with this one regulation for all over the country. So you're going to a hotel or you buy a House and they have what's called a restrictor. Yeah, look at it. They're all donning. Same thing, by the way.

Same thing with your dishwasher. I freed that up to the dishwashers. They had a little problem.

They didn't give enough water like so people would run them 10 times. So they end up using more water. And the thing is no damn good. We freed it up. Now you can buy a dishwasher and comes out and beautiful go by a dishwasher.

Go buy those companies. I said, what's wrong with this thing? It doesn't clean the dishes, right? The women come up to me. The women who they say don't like me.

They actually do like me a lot again. Yeah. Suburban women. Please vote for me. I'm saving your House. I'm saving your community.

I'm keeping your crime way down. I keep hearing now they keep you know it's all fake stuff. Remember?

They said last time about women, women will never vote. He will never vote for donald trump. They'll never vote. Then the end of the evening.

You know the real crying. Oh, my God. What happened? Remember john king? What's going on over here? Yeah, the red, red, red.

He won florida home if he won. Florida wasn't that I won. Florida wanted, like fast. And by the way, we're way up in florida right now because we've done a great job. Okeechobee.

We've done a great job. We've done things for florida that nobody thought could ever be done. But anyway, but john king so he's up there. He won florida. Oh, well, that was quick. But the big you know, when?

When we went ohio. Because did you ever hear for a year and a half? When we're thinking about doing this, you cannot win unless you win the great state of ah ha. Right. You heard that 100 times. They were doing that for may stick, and then I get these polls.

I had great people in ohio. They said, sir, you're gonna win ohio. Don't even you don't even have to come back.

You're gonna win. By the way, they said that to me again just recently, but they said you cannot win. So we ended up winning ohio by eight points, and it wasn't that we want ohio. But the polls closed at seven o'clock and at seven a clock and one second because, you know, unless you win big michael, right?

Have you know they keep you waiting? So the polls have closed in the great state of ohio. Donald trump has won the state of ohio. They kept saying I was even. We had groups.

They said I was. I'll tell you how accurate the polls were four years ago, I was down in nine states. The day of the election. I won all 96 okay, what?

Other than that, they were quite accurate. Actually, this time they're much better. You want to know the truth this time?

They're actually much better now, but we're doing much better. And as I said, we have much more enthusiasm now. But anyway, getting back to my very boring story about faucets and dish work. So I said to the head, I called up great dishwasher company from ohio that we saved, by the way.

And so what's the problem with the dishwasher, average people. They don't give us any water. I mean, you know, be nice to be able to get enough water. What's the problem? We need more water.

Not that much, but give. Like I said, how much you need this? Would you like more? I'd love mawr. Would you give us will give you more. You have so much.

What do you don't know what to do with it, right? So I gave them what they need. And now the dishwashers are incredible. They work beautifully and you go one time and you come back and your dishes air nice and beautiful and clean and dry. You don't have to go 10 times the same thing with the restrictions in the faucet. So I hate to say the three things.

It's the shower, it's the sink. And, you know, the third element in the bathroom. But I don't say it because every time I say it, they only talk about that one because it sort of grows to talk about right. So I won't. I won't talk about the fact that people have to flush their toilet 15 times. Okay, I will not talk about it.

I'll only talk about showers and okay, but there is three things. I won't talk about it this way. They can't report. They can't report it. So what happens?

So what happens? I go with my people. Environmental people. Why are we doing this? Because when you wash your hands, it takes you five times longer. You know, the waters that come.

You get soap. You can't get it off. I said open it up. They said, what do you mean? Take the restrictor, zoff. People know.

And if you're out here, you got to be careful and you gotta do all the things you've been doing. Anyway. Take the restrictor is off and you may leave it in certain areas where you might need it. But most of the country big portion, it doesn't need it.

Then on the shower, the worst you ever get under a shower where no water comes out. And may I want that hair to be so beautiful, right? A suit e want herto look there I go into some of these hotels. You know, your travel.

I go into these hotels, new hotels, they do. And I said it's not their fault, and I get in there and say, oh, I could look at it now I know that everything I say. Oh, here we go. Turn on the water drip, drip, drip, drip, drip. But now you go into a shower and the water pours out.

You go into ah, sink and you can wash your hands very nicely. Beautiful. And the third thing don't worry about okay, we won't talk. There's one time, that's all. So I'm not just running against biden, but you watch.

They'll be talking about the third thing they won't. I've done this before and they never even talk about sinks and showers, so I never talk. Did you see how dishonest running against a left wing media, big tech giants and a corrupt political class and a corrupt democratic party. You saw what they did. They spied on my campaign and got caught. They tried to take down the President Of the United States, but they went after the wrong president.

Let me tell you something. I really believe this. Somebody said it just today. Any other President Would not have been able to withstand, but we've done it would be in a corner with their thumb in their mouth, saying, please take me home to mommy, please. These people are evil.

Even shift today, you know, shifty shift. So, did you hear the new one? I was waiting for this. So they find this horrible, horrible laptop of hunter. Where's hunter?

Where's hunter? But joe is far more corrupt than hunter because joe knew every joe's getting a piece of everything. They have it in the email 10% and 50%.

But joe is far more corrupt than hunter. But what happens is they say, where's hunter? And they see what's going on. Everybody is looking for him. Everybody wants to find, and all we're hearing is that you can't talk about this kind of thing. You can't.

Can you imagine if that were don trump juniors laptop or eric trump was such a fun. These are these are good kids, but they have just been brutalized by these maniacs. Or what about our great ivanka trump? Can you imagine tiffany? Even baron, right, baron? No, they're all good kids.

But could you imagine? You know, the problem. Okay. He got healed in about 15 seconds, right?

You gotta understand that. You know the young kids, was it 99.9 something they said baron tested positive. Even I wasn't worried. You know, he's strong. He's definitely tall, he's tall and he's a good kid. He's a good kid, smart kid.

But they said sir baron tested first yourself. I said, well, yeah. Are you gonna give him anything, though, like, two seconds later, I said, how's baron? Oh, he's except he beat it. I hate to say it.

They have a much stronger immune system than we do. I hate to say that, you know, I said, congratulations, baron. I said, that was quick. I said, how did it feel? I don't know, but the Democrat and this horrible group of people, they have nothing but disdain for you and for your values. They lecture you on the need for open borders while they live behind gated communities like nancy pelosi.

She doesn't want a wall, but she lives in this very beautiful House with lots of good ice cream. They support crippling lockdowns well, their jobs remain totally exempt. They keep your kids out of school while their kids and their families have private tutors right they want to take away your guns. They want to destroy your second amendment while they employ armed guard.

And it's time that we sent them a very strong message because they're hypocrites in washington, d. C. And in silicon valley. How did she look on valley section 2 30 on election day? Not everybody understands that, but we have some great politicians here today that understand. But on election day, you can send a message to the fake news media right there to the big tech companies and to the washington swamp.

We never knew it could be this deep when I said drain the swamp, I didn't know is this bad? But send him a message that they will never forget. Show them that the American people are still in charge by delivering sleepy joe biden and the Democrat a thundering defeat on november 3rd on. If I don't sound like a typical washington politician, it's because I'm not a politician. I've dealt in politics for a long time.

I know him very well. I know I'm all very well. I've felt for a long time. I know them all. If I do not thank you very much. If I do not always play by the rules of the washington establishment, it's because I was elected to fight for you harder than anyone ever.

Uh huh. All right, thank you very much. By the way, did you see biden this when he was very agitated you to get agitated? He was very agitated and he's screaming.

And he had nobody in the audience. He had a couple of cars. Did you see it? The hunk in the I can't believe it. And they don't report that, you know, we got lucky. I think the camera man slipped in.

The camera went a little off kilter because they just like we want them to show our crafts. They don't want them. I love watching those circles. He's got those big, big there so well done. The the best thing about his campaign is the guy or woman that does the circles. You know, there's a lot of talent that they're perfect, you know, I'm into like I'm a perfectionist.

Frankly, I am. It's always a good builder. Look at those circles, very thick and very far apart. I think you've got about six of them because that's the number of people that show up this way, he could say we were sold out today I'm fighting against forces who want to destroy everything that you love and cherish people think of. Joe biden is a nice man, but he's not a nice man. No, he's not a nice man.

He was never a nice man, and he was never a smart man. He got lucky. He got lucky that pocahontas didn't quit earlier. And he's not a good man. He's a corrupt man. And he took an ad against me knowing it was false.

You probably know the ad. It's a horrible, vicious ad having to do with the military. It's a totally false, horrible, horrible ad, and nobody has ever done more for the military than I have nobody on. We advised him and his group of dishonest cronies legally and every other way. We advised them, and we let him know we're putting complaints in all over the place.

But he took a vicious, vicious, horrible ad of something I never said. It was a magazine that's an obama type magazine with obama and biden and crooked hillary. It's a third. I won't even mention that third rate magazine loses a fortune.

It's and they made up a story and they said I said certain things. There's no human being on earth unless they're seriously, seriously deranged that would say such a thing and I said it in front of other soldiers and I have 26. I think witnesses saying it's ridiculous.

Number one. You wouldn't need any witnesses. Nobody would say anything like that. But we said it never happened.

They have no witnesses. They have, I think, an anonymous source. But the source doesn't exist.

It was made up. It was made up just like the Russia Russia Russia was made up, so they made it a. They made up this lie and now it's in television commercials. Like I said it and frankly, if I were a military person and if I saw that ad, I would never vote for trump and I told my people there's a very serious thing. They took a statement, made up a statement just like they do. That's what they do their vicious, horrible people.

They made up a statement and now they put ads in during a football game. I see an ad I'm watching the game. I mean, I must tell you, I'm not into football so much anymore, you know. No, I'm not. It's hard to watch.

I love people that honor our anthem and honor our flag on our thank you very much. Thank you. And you look at the basketball. Do you see the basketball readies? Final good down. 70 77 70%.

Who the hell? I didn't I didn't watch one shot. No interest? No.

No. We want people. You know what? People wanna watch sports. I wanna watch. We have enough of us, right?

Have enough of us. There's plenty of us, but down 70%. I mean, in one way, it's a shame in another way. You know, when we had this argument with the nfl two years ago, it really hurt them badly. They were down 25 30% right?

People weren't going to the games. And I thought we won the battle. I thought it was over. Then I saw roger, nice guy roger goodell in his basement wearing a blue t shirt.

Tight, very tight. You know, like he's a player. It doesn't work. I don't wanna have a tight one. I wanted this loose is possible, but he's wearing a tight renews, thinks he's all buffed up on everything.

Didn't look no tie. You know, just a t shirt, like an undershirt that's painted blue. That's a blue color. I don't even think it had anything on it. And he said, we've decided to do this and that and I said, there goes the nfl right down the tubes and nobody was there.

This was during I think august. Nobody was even talking about it. The hell is he doing? And here it goes again. Nobody cares about football because of it, and I don't know how many chances they're going to get, but they ought to get smart because they can't win this war. We want people that love our country.

We don't want this crap. If a player is making 25 million dollars a year doing something he'd be doing anyway on the weekend, okay, because he loves playing football. And if somebody is making 10 million for blocking or 25 million for throwing and they say what a horrible country we're living, we can't do pinto, and you know what?

I want them to protest. I think if they want to protest, they cannot. This reason there's always a reason to protest they can, but not then and not sitting on the knee instead of standing proudly with your hand on your heart. And, you know, in the contract they have a clause you have to stand hand on heart. They actually have, I think, hand on heart.

But they don't want to exercise it because they're weak. The weak people and weak people is what got our country in trouble. You talk about week joe biden, joe biden and the socialists. We'll kill your jobs, dismantle your police departments, dissolve your borders, confiscate your guns and impose a $4 trillion tax like on your companies and yourselves.

Fortunate, you know, four trillion is that's the largest tax hike in the history and you know what they're going to do with it. They're gonna spend it on the green new deal conceived by the brilliant aoc plus three, a poor student with absolutely no environmental experience, right. They want to attack religious liberty, drive God from the public square and destroy your suburbs. I say that to the women because I keep here and they said the women from the suburbs?

No. I think the women from the suburbs are looking for a couple of things. One of them is safety. One of them is good, strong security. And one of them is they don't wanna have low income housing built next to their House. And you know who makes up 30% of your suburbs?

Minorities? African americans, right? Hispanic americans, asian americans, minorities. Okay, people think is it racist?

Racist? It's the opposite. I've had them come to me and people come to me, say thank you so much, but they keep talking about the women from the suppers. I said, I think we're gonna have a big resounding what the hell happened with women to the servers? They really like trump a lot.

No onley vote for me if you're a woman from the suburbs and you know I shouldn't say this because they'll bring it up. But one time early been doing this that long, right? You know I haven't been done. I have guys have been running, sir, I've been running for 40 years. I said, well, I've only run for two years, but I became president.

You didn't. But you know, but you know, it's sort of interesting because I really think that women from the suburbs they're gonna like trump because I think it's gonna be one of the big, because that's it. It is. It is about safety. It is about safety.

And when you see what happens in our cities with a run and ransack and they they're anarchists and you know what they say the suburbs, they actually say the suburbs air next. And just so you know, just so you know, so important thes air Democrat, run states and cities Republican air doing great and we're not gonna let this happen, and we'll stop it. We want a resounding victory.

We're going to stop it. But the suburbs air next. But I did say, you know, early on I said housewives from the suburbs they went after me when I said that.

Let me ask you, the women from the suburbs do you mind when we say housewives? Eliza, you go? No, they're also, but I'll do it too politically. Correct? Anyway, if you don't, I'll say women.

But I said housewives or the suburbs, it went crazy. Donald trump. He wasn't politically correct. I said. Michael biden supports cutting police funding, abolishing cash bail. You know you get a murderer.

Let's let him out. Let's I'm walking to so you see what's happening in new york? What they're doing to new york, our governor, what he's doing to new york is horrible. And he called law enforcement sleepy. Joey called law enforcement recently the enemy.

No, no, law enforcement has done an incredible job, and you're always gonna have a bad apple. You're always gonna have somebody that chokes. You know, they have, like, a quarter of a second. You ever see where they have you ever see the test with a somebody slash is open the door, you got a quarter of a second and they could be on the force for 30 years. But that's a hard thing to do, right? And you're gonna have people they choke, like in sports.

You see, if they choke, some people choke, then you have jack nicklaus and you have tiger and you have great people that tend to choke a lot less. But, you know, some people choke and it's not their fault. It's just the way it is you have a quarter of a second to make a decision. Quarter of a second. Think of it. Joe biden and the Democrat party have waged a war on police on cops and inciting riots.

And that's what you do when you take away the majesty of that position. You are inciting violence when you when you allow people to loot stores and you have the police standing back and they want to go in and doing a job and they could do it so easy, you don't even need us to bring in the national guard like we did in minneapolis like we were ready to do in seattle. And then they gave up the night before because they didn't want to play games. I was. I was so disappointed when they gave up.

I was the one I really want to do is portland. That's gonna be so easy, you know, we have to be invited and the governor doesn't want I call her. I said, governor, let us go in, give us 30 minutes, governor. But you know what? I don't want to violate? It would be good, I guess if I did.

But we have to be invited in and the city? It's the craziest thing. These air anarchists that would be the easier. One would love to go in and do something big with chicago. That's actually a bigger problem.

That's actually a bigger problem. Hard the easy one of the anarchists in the middle of the street that hate our country hate our cops. You saw them.

They killed this young man, right? They shot him in the street and a day went by. They knew the guy and they didn't arrest him. Another day went by. They didn't. I called down and said, what's going on?

They didn't arrest me, knew who he was. They knew where he waas they didn't want. They would have never.

So I sent in our great u s. Marshals. They were so happy, you know, the law enforcement. They love our country.

They were so happy and this guy was a killer. He said they had other crimes to buy the bad ones. But he shot this young man right in the middle of the street. Shot him. You heard the bullet ring out.

You heard the people screamed. They know who it waas. They said that was so and so so after 2.5 days, I said, go and get him. 15 minutes. It was all over.

It was all that was it? It's all of here in nevada, riders burned the city of reno on during the violent demonstrations in las vegas. A 29 year old police was deliberately shot in the head while he was doing his job. Think of it. You know who that was, right? You know who he is?

Waas joe biden zero. So right. You know who are focus of his partners were we talked to a lot of the people that were there.

Think his partners here. But I want to tell you we can't let this happen. They've taken away the respect. You have to let them do their job. They'll do it. Well, you can't have.

Remember in minneapolis, where the mayor ordered the police to leave the premises, right? Seattle leave the premises and then they took over the police department. You have that you're not gonna have a country. But this is the radical left. This is the radical left.

Joe biden will appease the rioters, looters and anarchists and I'm having them arrested instead. Okay, if you don't mind. And remember, it's all in Democrat cities and states, all in Democrat. If you're a moderate Democrat or a liberal who knows that your party has gone totally off the rails? We are welcoming you with open arms to the Republican party.

Biden's agenda would also be a catastrophe for nevada seniors, seniors, any seniors here. Mhm. For years, biden tried to cut social security and medicare. You know that, right? Remember, they used to say, I'm going to cut so well, what happened? I never cut it.

Remember that? They said I'm gonna be in wars. You know, that's my personality.

They think it's not really it is. If we have to, I'll be better than anybody else. But, you know, you say whatever happened to North Korea, remember, we're supposed to be in a war with with obama or hillary or whoever it waas you would have been in a war obama expected to be in a war that would have been a bad war. Now, by this pledging mass amnesty and free health care for illegal aliens, decimating medicare and destroying your social security while I am president. No one will touch your medicare or your social security, including me.

No one. Under my leadership, we're delivering a safe vaccine and very rapid recovery, and we're all set to deliver it. We have the military ready to deliver it. It's going to be incredibly have a general. That's what he does. He delivers soldiers and delivers everything.

This is easy for them. It will be delivered very, very rapidly. Joe biden would terminate our recovery, delay the vaccine and annihilate nevada's economy with the draconian, unscientific locked down. Because, you know, they're finding out these lockdowns aren't working.

Look at Europe having this massive surge. They've been locked down. Okay, look at these lockdowns. You've been locked down, and now they're having a search.

Look at michigan. Michigan has search. Well, who's been tougher than her? She ran it like a prison. She was like a warden, right?

And they have a search. And then they say she is doing a wonderful job. I don't think I think she's doing a terrible job, by the way. I know all of the governors. You know, we basically deal with governors. The governors run their states.

We give him the equipment. We helped him out. We got them all of the ventilators.

We did an incredible job with that. Jared kushner did a great job. We had so many.

We had so many. No, he did an incredible job, but he got these guys from silicon valley. Nobody understood. We didn't e mean ventilators, right?

No. But you know, for that they're good. I have to tell. They came in. Everybody said these things are complicated.

They walked in like that's got to be the simplest piece of equipment we've ever seen. And we now have become the ventilator. I mean, we're making thousands and thousands a month that we're actually giving a we don't need any, but we didn't have ventilators.

We weren't equipped for a thing like this. Our coverage were empty that governors were. And I got to know all the governors. Some did a great job, and some did a poor job.

But when we had our weekly calls with governors, they would say even the biggest enemies, the biggest haters, sir, thank you very much. Or to our great Vice president Who headed up the task force, mike pence. My oh, did he do well in his debate with her. That was unfair. If that were a fight, they would have stopped it, right.

They should have stopped. I said they should have stopped that debate in the middle. That's a great expression, right?

Boxing, you know, you learn ufc. If that were a fight, they would accept it. But mike was great, and he's done great. You did great with this whole thing. But the governors would say on conference calls, all 50 usually almost all over the world because they all wanted everything.

You know, their coverage were empty. That was therefore, I guess, you know. But let's say it was therefore, but we had to help him. And we did. We built hospitals for some of them.

We built everything. We did a great job, but they would say thank you very much. Great job, great job, great job. Every one of them. And if they weren't happy, would make him happy during the call. Because we had the generals and admirals.

We had great people, and we took care of her. And it's a great job. Thank you very much, mr president. Mr. Vice breath. Thank you very much.

Great. Job. We're sending a lot of gowns to michigan. Goggles to michigan, lots of things. Thio different, all the different states. But she'd say, great job, thank you very much.

We have it all down. You know, it's all down because I think all those schools, I hope they were taped. Hey, could you imagine if we didn't have my call with the President Of ukraine? If we didn't have that transcript, then it would have been this crazy maniac named adam schiff with his phony story that he told to the United States.

But we had a transcribed isn't that a wonderful thing? So I think we have a transcribed or taped, but all the governors, every one of them, great job, great job. Then they go outside and they see the press. You know, they get nervous with the press, these guys, they make them nervous.

We're very happy with the job. The president's doing. I said he's no good people, but you know what? Someday I'll tell you the story.

We had some great ones, and we had some people that didn't know what the hell they're doing. But I'll let you know what the right time where they were under the biden locked down. The lights of reno and las vegas were extinguished. Carson city will become, ah, goes down.

If he comes in, carson city will become augusta and the christmas season will be canceled. Look, remember I said we're gonna bring back christmas, right? The name.

Remember? We brought it back, remember? I used to go around saying we will, because I saw these big department says, you know, they thought it was politically correct.

So there's a have a great season. He said no, I don't wanna have a great season. I want to say merry uh huh. Now they're all saying merry christmas again. Yeah. So I just want to introduce a couple of warriors that we're here.

We're joined tonight by Congressman Mark hamadeh. Come up, mark. What a job you're doing. Mark is a warrior. Thank you, mark.

What a great job. What a great job. How we doing? Okay, we're doing all right here, right? Huh? Thank you very much.

You're doing good. Thank you, mark. Very much. We're also a man. There's ah, fighter. He's but if he loses.

I will never talk to him again. And is the nevada Republican party chairman respected by everybody loved by everybody? Michael mcdonald.

Michael michael. You look good, michael and congressional candidate. Somebody that's gonna win, and we're working with them. Very strong. Jim marshak. Jim.

Thank you. I hear you doing good. I heard you leading in the polls, jim. Get it done. We'll help you. A friend of mine and a man who is doing really well.

And he's watching those, uh, he's a very smart guy and respected by everybody. He's watching those ballots come in. I think he's watching every one of them.

Attorney general, your former attorney General Respected he they love him. And I love him. Adam laxalt. Yeah. So, adam, you and nick finding any bad things, anything bad happening? Can you please watch very closely at him for the people, not for me.

You know you're doing this for me. You're doing it for the people, okay? He's got the most important assignment there is because a lot of bad things. They're finding those things in creeks.

They're finding them in riverbeds. They're finding them in ash cans and dumpsters and large numbers. In ohio, 50,000 were missing. In virginia, 500,000 applications were made that were false. And in one place, everything was good. Except for one problem.

They forgot to put my name on it. Other than that, it was great. Other than that, it was great. Other than that, they were very reasonable. But my name wasn't on it.

And then somehow that didn't work out too well, michael. A lot of them to. And then they found some military ones. Great, great military ones. And they were found in a wastepaper basket. And they all had the name trump on it.

They were all signed for trump. They were trump. They were voted for tunfortunately, I don't think they're gonna get there because they were the wastepaper basket. Anyway, on the Republican national committeeman from nevada, jim degraff une jim.

Thank you, jim. Great job. Great job, jim. How's it going?

Good. We're doing all right over here, jim. Good. You're handsome, man. Jim, as president, I've been delivering for our incredible hispanic American community like never before.

Thank you, darling. Thank you. I like you too. Thank you. You know, it's interesting that the polls are showing trump.

They're saying, what the hell is going on with trump and the hispanic American community? Right? No.

Were the highest level that they've ever had recorded for a Republican. It's gotta be higher, but it's literally were beating the Democrat who have been all talking. No action. All talk.

I like hispanics, like hispanics. I like hispanics, americans I want I'm taking care because I'm fighting for school choice right? Safe neighborhoods on hispanic owned small businesses.

You have no idea how great business people, hispanic americans, a great business people. I've known that for a long time. Sometimes I say they're too good. They are tough sometimes, but they're great business people, and we helped him. Joe biden would crush everything. Hispanic americans have worked for wiping out your small businesses with lockdowns and regulations and devastating your families with massive tax hikes.

Your tax hikes your by the way. I never heard all my life. If you're running for office, you've got taxes, right? Who the hell ever heard of a guy running? Here's a guy can't put two sentences together, and he wants the quadruple your taxes, and they say he's tired and about how the hell can we be tied?

How can I be tied with him in pennsylvania? And he's and he doesn't wanna frack. That's a million jobs.

And he's gonna destroy our energy business because we're energy independent. They're tied. I mean, what's going on? It's it doesn't and okay, so he goes out.

There's no people at any of the rallies. I go out, we get 35 40,000, 25 1000. 15,000. No way. Go bum.

15,000. We get the biggest crowds in the history of politics. I mean, I'm not saying look, everything I say they're corrective, you know? I mean, they'll say, who cares?

I don't even care what they say but we get these massive crowds, he gets nobody. And then they say, we're tied. What the hell kind of a business of you and michael? It doesn't make sense. How do you guys do this? He'll wage war on catholic organizations like the little sisters of the poor, which we defend.

Band charter schools, bankrupt catholic schools. You know, we help the catholic church very much with our with our schools. We helped fund their schools fund extreme late term abortion and empower the socialists. That's what they're doing.

That's why we're going to win a record share of the hispanic vote this november. So please write. I got our vote. Thank you, don. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in u. S.

History and we're finishing the wall. The wall is gonna be very close to being finished their new dealers. This well, I gotta tell you real fear. So their new deal is this. He didn't build much wall. You ever see this?

They said I read of a you've got a pipe that's been laying in the sand for 30 years, a little pipe and they call that, and then we're building this 30 ft wall and I thought it would be all concrete, and I wish it was because it's cheaper. But the border patrol wanted it to be slats. They have to be able to see through it, which makes sense, e said.

It's more expensive, so there's two things now. They said he didn't build a concrete wall. That's right.

I built steel and inside the steel is concrete and inside the concrete is very powerful. Rebar and inside that we have wires. I would have much rather built a concrete plank wall. But you know what? I built what they wanted.

I don't want it because they wouldn't be able to see through it. So if they can't see through it, no good. So here's the new deal. They got pipe laying down. They got some wooden fence.

It's like 2 ft, anything that there's any if they ever had anything there, they call it a renovation. So now they say they did this vicious story that we only built a small number of months. You know, we're up to almost 400 miles, but we had to rip out. We had to rip out. We ripped out almost nothing, but basically they had some areas, like where they keep people from walking.

They had some wooden little wooden stuff that was all rotted and no good. And you know, anything that had anything on it. So they call it a renovation.

This is not. We ripped everything out. We went down 7 ft for tunneling and we went up 30 ft, and they say this is a renovation.

They'll do anything to fake news to demean you anything. It's a disgrace. Anyway, we're up to almost 400. Where is jared? Is he here? By the way?

I'd love to introduce. He did such a great job on Middle East peace. You see what we're doing there? Middle East, jared.

He doesn't want any claim. He's just a very smart guy. You don't hire guys well, wherever he's back working on Middle East peace, probably, he said. I've heard this guy before. I don't have to here.

But it's amazing what we've done in the Middle East, and we did the exact opposite, the way they've been doing it for 50 years, with blood all over the place. No blood in the sand. Joe biden's party continues to attack or incredible border agents, more than half of whom are hispanic American, by the way, and their extraordinary, these extraordinary patriots deserve our admiration or gratitude and respect, right? They have, oh, with yeah, jared, how's the Middle East coming along place coming along? You know, we sign the united arab emirates mohammed, one of the most respected warriors in the Middle East and bahrain, and we have other countries lined up.

Even the new york times said. It's incredible. I can't believe it. I said, no way. I'm sure that person was fired. No.

Was tom friedman. Then I'm gonna fire him. But they said it was incredible.

But this guy has done a great job. And you know the nice thing he wants. No acclaim. He just wants to do what he wants.

Todo and, you know, also worked on israel, the capital, Jerusalem, right? With our embassy. Great job. And he has no weight problem that I can tell you. You're so skinny. How do you stay so skinny?

Jared biden vowed to terminate our travel bands on jihadist regions and serge refugee admissions by 700%. He wants to let him come in. And I want to pay our respects to President Macron of france because you saw what happened over there yesterday.

What a horrible thing. Radical islamic terrorism. Thank you. And I tell you, I saw a lot of I saw a lot of science.

We're working on some things that you're gonna be. I saw a lot of signs, especially in california. You know, that way yourself, armenians. All right. You know, they're good people.

They're great business people. To, you know, for the hispanic American, the armenians, great business people. That's great. No, we're working where I just left. There were so many armenians with a beautiful flag. Now we're working on.

We're working on some things. I'm keeping terrorists. You have great spirit in your country. After people from armenia, they have great spirit for their country. Thank you very much.

But I'm keeping terrorists, extremists and criminals out of our country. We invested $2.5 trillion in the United States military. We have the greatest equipment. We're the envy of the world. We have the greatest fighters, the greatest rockets and missiles.

We have the greatest of everything. We passed va choice and va accountability for a great vet. 91% approval rating. Way killed the leader of ISIS al baghdadi. They were looking for him for years. We wiped out 100% of the ISIS caliphate way, took out the caliphate and we killed the number one terrorist and mass murderer anywhere in the world.

American troops, many troops, many people. Soleimani is dead. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. My first call, if and when we win if and when we win and have to be, you know, we're going against the party if it went, but hopefully we do.

My first goal will be from Iran. Their economy is a disaster. They're down gdp 27%. I've never even heard of that.

They're down 27%. They're they're, it's a disaster. They will call and I don't want that to happen. I want them to have a great country, but they can't have nuclear weapons. It's very simple.

They can't have nuclear weapons, and I think the first call we get will be from them and they'll sit down. I want to make a deal. Will make a good deal, you know? But what kerry did, he's oh, that's right. We're in carson city, africa. Who said that?

Who is the one that's stand up? Let me see. That's pretty. That's pretty cool. I recognize the true israel, as we say, and that was something that was really by the way.

You know, when we did that and open the American embassy in Jerusalem, I gotta built for a tiny fraction of the cost. I won't go into that story, but got it built. But when I did that, every President That ran for many, many, many of the presidents that ran many years, decades, decades and they all said they're going to do it. And then they got into office. They couldn't pull the trigger, right?

They couldn't pull her. They couldn't pull it like somebody couldn't pull the trigger on that lettuce little putt to win the match. They couldn't pull the trigger and then other guys could pull the trigger and they think it. I also recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights. 52 years they've been trying to get it. I got it done in two hours, and I did.

Maurin, 47 months, then sleepy joe biden did in 47 years. Girl, the Democrat are now pushing the most far left agenda ever put forward by a party or a presidential nominee. Biden doesn't understand it, so I won't bother with that.

He still doesn't know what the hell's happening. The biden plan would destroy social security and destroyed protections for pre existing conditions. Biden's running mate. You know they won't have socialized medicine, so you know, you forget about your 180 million plans that we have in this country that people absolutely love.

They wanna have socialized medicine. You go to the hospital, you don't feel good. You went to the hospital for about three weeks. Biden's running mate sponsored a bill to outlaw private health insurance. They wanna wipe out 180 million plans.

Biden and harris will also shut down American energy and obliterate your jobs with the socialist green. New deal is I said, a vote for Republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and a limitless future for all americans. A vote for Republican is a vote for the American dream. It's a vote for me. It's a vote with yeah, yeah, thank you.

Thank you. On in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. Carson city.

Get ready. But this whole state get ready and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. It's already started. We will hire mawr police. We love our police.

Thank you to our police in our law enforcement and our great firemen and women. We love them way. Really?

Dio, we have a lot of great support from the fireman and women. Increased penalties for assaults and law enforcement. And we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. The theme people don't even want the sanctuary city. Only the politicians like way will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms.

Second amendment, we will save. You know, he put beta in charge of taking your guns away. Bebeto. Remember birth. Remember when he was on the cover?

That stupid vanity fair, which is I think it's dead. I think it died, but he was on the cover. And remember what he said he was doing okay. Not great. But they had him on the cover. They were trying to build him up.

It didn't work out too well for him. Remember what he said? He said I was born to run for president. Once I said that, I said, he's gone. That's the end of their that's anybody said I was born to do this. Uh, he is a sick person.

What a sick puppy that is. But he was put in charge by biden to take your guns away. I don't think he's going to do too well in carson city. Beta is coming to kick a gun. I don't want to start anything.

I want you to obey the law because I have to. You know, they'll say he's he's going to start a rebellion. The fact is that beto wants your guns taken away. Biden doesn't even know what the hell it means. And I'm gonna always protect your second.

Remember, by the way your second amendment is under sees, nothing has happened, right? Nothing has happened on. There's been a lot of pressure on me on your second amendment.

Nothing. We will strike down terrorists to threaten our citizens, and we will keep out all of those. We will just stay out of all of those horrible, endless wars with places you've never heard 19 years in afghanistan. I think that's enough. And we're acting as basically law enforcement were acting his police. Now they gotta do it themselves.

We bring in our people back home. We will maintain America's unrivaled military right we have a military might like nobody's ever had before with our new everything, all made in the usa. And we will ensure peace through strength. We will end surprise medical building require price. You know what price transparency is a better word. It's the biggest adam knows.

Michael knows it's the biggest thing there is. It's bigger than healthcare, in my opinion, and it's all done. It's signed price transparency. Watch further reduce the cost of prescription drugs.

You know what I did? Favorite nations. Nobody can believe identity. You're gonna pay the lowest price of the world. And we will always protect patients with pre existing conditions. America will land.

The first woman in the moon on the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars way will stop the radical indoctrination of our students on restore patriotic education to our studio. Look up there. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag.

Nfl way will live by the timeless words of our national motto. In God we trust. For years you had a President Who apologized for America. Now you have a President Who is standing up for America and standing up for the great state of nevada.

Uh huh. So get your friends, get your family. Get your neighbors. Get your co workers. Get your boss. Tell your boss.

Give me your boss. Got a vote. Got about, boss. Come on, boss is grabbed him and just say, come on, boss, get out!

And vote is the most important election we've ever had. Get out and vote. They call it the red wave. They're already saying they're not happy about what's happening. They know what's happening from las vegas.

Torino from el coto henderson and from carlin, too, right here in the wonderful, beautiful, hardworking carson city. We stand on the shoulders of red blooded American patriots who poured out their hearts, sweat and soul to secure our liberty. And we just love our liberty, don't way. And, you know, liberty and freedom with bad leadership could be extinguished very quickly.

You look at what happened in venezuela and so many other places. We're just a much, much bigger version. And if we let them do this, you're not gonna have it for very long. It's a very sad thing most important election we've ever had. Nevada was founded by some of the toughest men and strongest women ever to walk the face of the earth.

This state was built by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys, innovators and trailblazers who tamed the frontier, raised up the mighty hoover dam, transformed a sprawling but beautiful desert into a shining oasis and lit up the brilliant lights of the las vegas strip, which I know so well are American ancestors made this into the greatest nation in the history of the world, and the best is yet to come. It's happening. The best is yet thio. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country.

We're returning power to you, the American people. So with your help, your devotion in your drive, we're going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting on. We're going to keep on winning, winning, winning. You know, this is not acceptable way are one movement one people, one family on one glorious nation under God. Okay on together with the incredible people of nevada, we have made America powerful again.

We have made America wealthy again our stock market. New highs. Your 401 case. They're doing very well.

I don't think you want to see him drop 100% and they will have sleepy joe gets in. We've made it wealthy again. We have made America strong again.

We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again and we will make America great again. Get out and vote. Thank you.