ID: CSPANDT2410202092
Title: President Trump Holds Rally in Circleville, Ohio
Date: 2020-10-24

thank you very much, and hello, circleville. [cheers and applause] it's great to be back in ohio to celebrate the return of big ten football. Big, big day for the buckeyes. 52-17. Not bad, not bad. Remember how this all happened?

Sleepy joe said, President Trump did not want to have bawled. I said, what the hell is he talking about? Sleepy joe.

So I said what's the problem with football. They said big ten football is shut down. I said, well, he says I did it? Yeah, he blamed me.

I said I had nothing to do with it, so then I said I have an idea -- I'm going to get it open if it's shut down. Look what happened. I think he even took an ad. President trump shut down football. I did not even think about it, I must tell you. I'm thinking about China and a lot of other things.

I said, you know what we are going to do? We will teach sleepy joe and that group that don't have what it takes -- we will teach them how to do it, and I work hard to bring back big ten, and I got together with your commissioner. He did a good job, and we got it back, and today, you won your football game, and we are very happy. [cheers and applause] because I know that life in ohio is not complete without the glory of ohio state football. [cheers and applause] I'm glad you won the game.

Could you imagine if you lost the game? And you know, there's a lot of people here, but did you see outside? You are very lucky to be here. Say thank you very much for this wonderful journey, president. You have to see, there were tens of thousands of people in the streets out here trying to get in. I think the next time, we will get a larger field.

Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.

I appreciate it. By the way, we got packed 12 back. You don't care about pack 12, but we got pat 12. We said we might as well do out there, too, and we did a double header.

10 days from now, we are going to win this great state, and we are going to win four more years in the white House. Remember last time? For a year, I had to hear it. You cannot win unless you win the great state of ohio. I heard it so many times. That was these fake people -- look at them all over there, the cameras.

All those lights that are on. I heard, you cannot win unless you win ohio, and then I got a poll that said we are doing pretty well in ohio, right? [cheers and applause] and then we won. Remember, they said it's going to be close, going to be hard to win, going to be very, very hard. And trump, if he doesn't win ohio, he is out. We not only won ohio, we won ohio by eight points.

And they said -- you know the story, when it closes, they do a fast little count if you are winning big. They said the polls in ohio have closed. Donald trump has won the state of ohio. Like in the same sentence, the pulse of close, trump has won.

Normally, it would take, like, hours or whatever. We won big, and I hear we are winning big now, and I hear they gave up on the state already and they are going to give up on florida, soon because we are winning big in florida. You don't want sleepy joe to be your president. You know, he's not drawing anybody. They called in obama.

They said sir, sir -- this was a few days ago -- sir -- how bad this was -- President Obama is going to campaign for sleepy joe. And I said is that good news or bad news? [laughter] and he said, well, he's going to campaign -- so I guess it started yesterday or the day before.

They had 42 people show up. 42. We have thousands. Tens of thousands, and outside, it's five times what's in here. [cheers and applause] no, there's something going on. It happened last time, four years ago.

This time, more. It happened last time. There was an enthusiasm or years ago, the likes of which -- the likes of which the fake news has never seen before.

I have to tell you -- and maybe I will be wrong -- but at least to this point, the enthusiasm is much more. You know what we've all done together -- we've done a lot. We've done a lot. It's much more.

We got all those tax cuts, we got all the regulation cuts. We got the steel jobs back. We put tariffs on all the crop they were dumping from China, 25 are sent. They were dumping their steel. We said you cannot do that.

And lots of other things. We've done a lot. But it's far greater today. It's far greater today than it was four years ago, and this is the most important election -- this is the most important election of your lifetimes. I see a lot of young people up here, so big deal, like what?

Big deal, right? It could be the most important election we have ever had. I really believe that, and I did not think I would be saying that because our last win was such a big win. Nobody has done more than what we've done. They don't even question it, you know, when I say it? We have done more in the first three and a half years than any administration has done.

[cheers and applause] and it's an honor, but this is the most important election. I did not think I would say it because I viewed the last -- what we did four years ago -- can you believe it? Four years ago almost. Can you imagine that?

Time lies. I will never forget the -- the first night in the white House, like a surreal experience. Abraham lincoln's bedroom. Took a little while -- it takes a while to get used to it.

Then you know what you have to do? You have to get down to work, and that's what we did. At the debate this week -- did anybody see the debate maybe? [cheers and applause] couple people. That was like a super bowl deal, I guess, with the ratings. That's ok.

91-9, it was, with us having the 91, ok? Yeah. I kept saying, hey, joe, joe, you want to do all this stuff, why didn't you do it? You were there three and a half years ago. Then I said I wouldn't have run, joe, if you two did a good job.

I did not need this. I had a very good life. I did not need this.

I had a good life. I had a very nice life, but I would not have run. If you did a good job, I would not have run, and I would not have won. The fact is you did not do a good job, joe.

You lead us down, joe. And he had no idea what I was talking about. He had no clue. [applause] -- [laughter] at the debate this week, the American people saw the contrast between a 47-your politician who used his public office to enrich himself -- you know that. I mean, his son was like a human vacuum cleaner.

"let's go to China this week, dad." "ok, son." take out 1.5 billion. How about going to ukraine? Paid me 100 $80,000 a month for my great services on energy. What do you know about energy?

I don't know anything about history, but I'm -- I don't know anything about energy, but I'm willing to learn. Joe has been opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in these endless, ridiculous foreign wars. Countries you have never even heard of for the most part. I fight for the middle class. I fight everyone. I ride for this country.

-- I fight for this country. [cheers and applause] biden doesn't know who he's fighting for. You have to say this is serious stuff, but is there any better place to be then I trump rally? I mean, seriously, right?

It's serious, but we have fun, and you know, the best way to succeed, you've got to love what you do, and we all love it. We love our country. In 2016, ohio voted to fire this depraved political establishment, and you elected an outsider as your President Who is finally putting America first.

That's what I'm doing. [cheers and applause] you work hard. You raise your families. You follow the laws, you support your church that you are not even allowed to go to -- how about that? You cannot go to your church, but you can have a riot down 5th avenue. You serve your community, and you gave your love and loyalty to our great country.

Now you finally have a President That is loyal to you -- totally loyal to you. Believe me, there are easier ways to spend my life. Nobody told me the swamp was going to be that deep and that vicious. They even impeach me over a perfect phone call. "hello, how are you doing? Congratulations on your win, mr.

President of ukraine." "we are going to impeach him." now they are doing it again. You know, the laptop from hell. This is the laptop that they don't to see. How the hell this laptop got freed up.

It's amazing the way God works. [cheers and applause] and now it comes. Adam schiff d -- adam shifty schiff. Yesterday, I saw for the first time, watermelon, he is shaped like a watermelon.

Remember the halls of Congress, said quid pro quo eight times. Is it lucky I had a transcriber? Otherwise, it would be my word against shifty schiff. Think of it, adam schiff is out there talking about what's taking place, and here it is, the laptop from hell.

He said it's Russia. Here we go again -- Russia, Russia, Russia. I think Russia must look at us and say these people are stone cold crazy. This is russian disinformation. I tell you what, we got to get back to business.

This is crazy what's going on. This is crazy. [cheers and applause] I heard it yesterday, they got him.

Biden, didn't he say this was Russia disinformation? This is a disaster for them, but let's see what happens. But we have learned a lot. We have learned how corrupt the media is.

I already knew they were corrupt, but they don't want to write anything about it, so listen, week taught them cold. Just like we caught them spying on my campaign. We caught them doing horrible, treasonous things. These were treasonous things. Let's see what happens. Should have gone much faster -- I have to be honest with you -- what we caught them spying on our campaign, the whole group, and, by the way -- obama and biden, they knew everything about it.

We caught them with that, too. It's a terrible thing. Now they got caught and they are trying to say it was Russia. They never say China. You know why? A lot of money comes out of China into their pockets.

You ever notice China has not been very good -- great trade deal, unbelievable. Two weeks ago, the largest order of corn, the largest order of soybeans -- normally I would have been here talking about the great -- you know what, the ink on the trade deal was not dry. Then, all of a sudden, the plague came in from China. It's more important than trade deals, so it's no good. With your vote, we will continue to bring back your jobs, lower drug prices at a level that nobody has ever lowered it before.

Last year, for the first time ever, drug prices went down. We are doing -- the drug companies are not happy with me. This is not supposed to happen.

Favored nations means you will pay the lowest price anywhere in the world. Nobody has exercised it because nobody thought of it, probably, but if they did think of it, they could not have done it because the drug companies are so powerful. You see all the ads against me? It's not so much sleepy joe, it's the drug companies because I have exercised favored nations. If Germany or another country pays $.10 per pill and we pay to and a half dollars -- talk about stuff like that, we pay for all the research and development and everything.

We are at much higher -- Germany is at 10 and we are at much higher, we are now at 10. Prices could come down 50, 60, 70, 80%. They will come down a lot, and I have never had more ads spent because they have unlimited money.

Big pharma, they call it, right? The number one power in washington. I have just learned they are the number one power.

I knew this was going to happen. I said I don't care. I'm put here to do a job. The drug pricing is very complicated. It's very complicated stuff. I have it set that it's almost impossible to disengage it.

And they have middlemen. They never say middle women. I want to be nice, I want to say middlewomen, but I've never heard the term having to do with drug prices.

But they have the middlemen getting more than the drug companies. At least the drug companies make their drugs, right? These people don't do anything. They are very rich. I probably know some of them. I would be not surprised if hunter biden was also middlemen.

On top of everything else, takes in millions and millions and now we find out that hunter biden is a middleman, but these are rich people, and they get all this money for nothing, so I worked a deal where canada, which buys their drugs for exactly 50% -- I'm going to let our governors -- your governor of florida, other governors -- by their drugs directly from canada. Nobody has ever done -- same drug, same lab, same company, same everything, and they are going to buy it for 50% less. By that time, the favored nations will kick in and you will get it for even less. This has never happened before, but it's happening now. We will support our great police, protect your second amendment, defend your voice.

[cheers and applause] and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful -- isn't it a beautiful phrase? You didn't hear it before trump came along. "made in the usa." you didn't hear it for a long time. Been a long time. When I was young, they used to say made in America. Every car.

Now you don't see it anymore. I was in north carolina speaking to a great crowd, and I said when I first started, I said, we are going to say merry christmas again. Remember? Remember all the department stores -- pity they are all wiped out because of the internet, but these are minor details, right? But all the department stores that say happy new year and everything but christmas -- they don't want to say christmas. I said we are going to say christmas again, and you know what?

They are all saying christmas again. [cheers and applause] they are all saying merry christmas again. Going to be there pretty soon.

We have our big day. Better get out, november 3. Who has voted already? Who has voted?

[cheers and applause] I just voted. I just voted. Get out and vote. This is the biggest election -- I really believe -- maybe we have ever had because the radical left has gone crazy. You know what? When we win this one, I think they are going to rest.

I really do. I think they will go that's enough. She goes, "no, they won't." that's probably true. We are going to see big housing starts, and the numbers -- the automobile starts. Nobody has seen anything like it. The numbers are better than they were pre-this plague that came in, the pandemic.

Amazing. You are going to see a number that has been announced just prior to the election -- gdp. It was just estimated by the fed to be 35%. I think the highest we have ever had is, like, 7%.

I will take 25 right now. If it was 15% I would be happy. If we fall below that, they will say it's a terrible, terrible upset by the president. We are coming back because we built -- you know why, though?

Because we build a strong foundation. We had a strong foundation. If a guy like biden gets in where he wants to raise your taxes quadruple -- [crowd booing] and he wants to put all those ridiculous regulations -- used to take 20 years approval to get a highway.

Now we got it down to 10 years and I'm trying to get it down to one. I think we can. It might not get built for safety reasons or environmental business -- environmental reasons, but we have it down to a short period of time.

They would then raise their hands not to approve it after 20 years. No, those days are over, but he would put everything back, and he's going to raise your taxes like crazy. I've never seen anyone -- you know, all my life, I've been involved indirectly -- usually the other side -- only exclusively -- I've seen -- I've never seen raising taxes. I've seen we will lower your taxes.

This is the first politician running saying he's going to raise your taxes. What the hell? This is the craziest thing I've ever seen. I'm looking it up, like is this really -- like, is this serious? First of all, I look at him. Am I running against this man?

I'm running against sleepy joe. In primetime he was not good. Now I'm running against him. This is not primetime.

Did you think he did well in the debate the other night? The last question was the best because he lied about fracking. During the primaries, "there will be no fracking." by the way, you are a big fracking state. You better hope he doesn't win. You've only got about a million jobs. More important than the jobs is you've got the lowest energy prices we've had.

How about your two dollar gasoline? [cheers and applause] you wouldn't mind if it went to nine dollars, $12 -- you could not get it. They would not mind because they would like you to get rid of all your cars. No more airplanes, nor cars, no more cows.

I think they took that off the manifesto, but they would like it. No, what we are doing has been incredible. I'm cutting taxes. We are doing another big tax cut . That's what brought everything in.

Billions and billions of dollars coming to our country because of what we have done. These are people without a lot of heart. They go where they make a deal. We brought it down. We brought the middle income taxes down. Child tax credit -- $1000 a child.

He said he wants to get rid of that. He wants to get rid of it. Why does he want to get rid of it? That could only take place in the great state of ohio. [cheers and applause] I work here for a couple of summers in cincinnati. I like cincinnati.

I like ohio. -- I worked here. [cheers and applause] worked out well, it was a good success. When something works out well, you like it -- I was very young. A job in cincinnati.

Swift and village. -- swift and village. We bought it and sold it.

You know how you have a good feeling, but I haven't an even better feeling because of what happened four years ago with ohio, and it's going to happen again. But it's the first time I have ever seen a politician say we will raise your taxes. I say wait a minute -- did he say -- have you ever heard of a politician campaigning on "I'm going to raise your taxes" and "I'm going to put a lot more regulations" and a lot of people don't know. I think the regulations was more important for the businesses hiring all over the place. We have 160 million people working. We have never been close to that number.

We're going to be back very soon. 11 point one million people hired over the last year. I think the regulation cuts might have been even more important. This election is a choice between a trump super recovery and a biden -- in my opinion, this is going to happen. I hate to say it.

Depression. And your 401(k)'s -- does anyone have a 401(k)? [cheers and applause] they are not going to be worth -- it's a choice between a boom anti-lockdown.

Did you hear him during the debate? He said, "I would lock it down, yes." no, no, we are not locking it down. We saved millions of lives. Maybe -- we saved 2 million lives, maybe more than that. Like young people, barron, he had it. Very, very tall young man and a great guy, but he's young.

The doctor said, sir, barron has tested positive. I said that's terrible. He did not even know he was sick. Next day, dr. Comes in, says, sir, barron is fine. Young people have strong immune systems.

They have these strong, beautiful immune systems, so it was good. I could not stay in a basement. I meet a lot of people because I'm president. I have to get out.

I have to get out. [cheers and applause] I'd have meetings where I would go back and say you know, that's got to be dangerous. The fact is, I had it. It worked out well. Now I'm immune.

I could run up and kiss this whole group of people. [cheers and applause] no, it worked out. By the way, 99.9 percent, it's good, then you are immune and all that stuff. You know, I heard you were immune for life.

When I had it, I said I'm immune to them, to the fake news, and they said but only for four months. With me, it was for four months. If it was anybody else, they would say for life. But, no, I had it. First lady had it, right?

And you get better. We got better. They love the first lady.

Very elegant. Most elegant first lady. It's amazing. It's amazing. They don't treat her very nicely, and she is incredible. Most elegant woman.

And she goes, but that's ok. She loves the people. It's really amazing. She has done a great job and she loves it. She loves the people. She had it and recovered.

I had it and recovered. Barron had it and did not even know he had it. I would be having meetings with gold star families, military, lots of other people, I would have meetings, right? I would have the meeting and sometimes people would come up and get close and stuff like that, no mask, they get close. I had some meetings saying, that could be dangerous, I guess, but I have to do my job.

As I said at the debate, I cannot put myself in the basement for a year and a half. It is going away. It's mounting the turn.

They talk about cases. Always cases, cases, cases. They do not talk about the mortality rate -- down 85% because what we have is so incredible. The job we have done is so incredible. 85%. [cheers and applause] think of that -- 85%.

You know what, on november 4, you're not going to hear -- the news -- cnn, all they talk about, covid, covid, covid. If a plane goes down with 500 people, they don't talk about it. All they talk -- because they are trying to scare everybody. You have to lead your life.

You have to get out. You have to be vigilant, socially distance, get too close, put the mask on. Put it on. Lots of different things.

I see what they are doing. It's so -- it's just like they tried to hide all of this corruption from the biden family by not putting it -- they refused to run it. I have to give "the new york post" -- my hometown paper, "the new york post," the oldest paper in the country, I have to give them credit because they went against the grain, and they are willing to expose all this corruption. [applause] then you see big tech. They won't put it on.

If you put it on, they delete you. They did sue -- nothing to do with this, but they did sue google on thursday. You like it? No, no, but they have expose themselves. Nobody knew it was that serious. Didn't they delete "the new york post --didn't they delete "the new york post?" can you imagine, terminating a newspaper?

If biden got in, they would own our country. China -- did you see where the kid was trying to get $10 million a year for introduction purposes, ok? This was all down in the paper. They say Russia did it. This is all down in a paper.

Now confirmed by the guy that ran the company. He's not -- I would say they are not too happy with him. Would you say? I saw him the other day, but it's all right stuff. He could not take it anymore.

He could not stand the corruption. Could you imagine when people say -- it ended up backfiring. Because that happened, it has become a much bigger story. If they would have printed it, who knows what would happen? You would forget it or something, but it has become much bigger.

Big tech, section 230, right? Big tech is corrupt. It's corrupt.

The media, the fake news, it's corrupt. I've been saying it for a long time. Even I did not know was that corrupt. In the meantime -- [crowd booing] in the meantime, you watch the television. Sets go off. Let's cut this guy off.

Cut the President Off. Can you imagine, they are broadcasting themselves, but they say cut it off, but that's ok. Biden and the Democrat will offshore your jobs, dismantle your police department, dissolve your borders, confiscate your guns -- second amendment, they are after it. [crowd booing] illuminate your private health care. You know, we have an hundred 80 million people with private health care.

A lot of people have private health care. It's what you dream of. It's great. You negotiate. You have companies that compete.

They want to terminate it. They want to terminate your live just liberty. They want to destroy the suburbs. I am the best thing that ever happened to the suburbs. You know, they were talking about this 60 million -- I printed out the whole interview. I said put it down.

She said to me -- the question -- one of her questions -- she said, why are you begging suburban women -- you said please love me, suburban women. Please. Please love me.

I beg you, please love me -- no, I didn't say that. What I did as I said, love me, suburban women, because I've stayed in the suburbs. They had a regulation that would have brought low income housing projects and crime right to their doorstep, would have been right next door. I said, suburban women, you are going to love me -- that's what I said.

They said, why are you begging for the love of suburban -- suburban women are going to love me. You know why? They want security. They want safety, and they don't want a regulation that is going to destroy suburbia, that's all.

[cheers and applause] because they said, he's not doing well with suburban women. I said what about suburban men? How am I doing?

"well, there, you're doing ok. You're doing well with the men, not the women." but biden has no idea what it means, no fossil fuels, no nothing. -- biden has knocked fracking. He says wind is going to be the answer.

Kills all our birds, everything else. We are going to have massive blackouts like they have in california, the whole country. Ever see the brownouts? Crippling power outages.

7000 ohio jobs would be destroyed. Biden lies about a lot of things. He lied about that. He lied about social security.

He also won't tell you the truth about decades-long quest -- he had a decades-long quest to renegotiate social security and medicare, and he said he did not do it. We have a tape here someplace. Do we have the tape?

I hope it works better than the big ten tape. We have it real quick. We are starting to use these very expensive means of communication because it is so much easier than my explaining it. Number one, he said there will be no fracking, no fracking, no fracking. He luckily gets the nomination because elizabeth warren stayed in for an extra three days.

If she would have left before super tuesday, he would have been out and then I would have been competing against crazy bernie instead, which is ok, I don't care. Well, there would have been more energy. I mean, there would have been a lot more. Bernie has more energy. Smaller little face.

They are coming to us because a lot of them agree with me so much on trade. We got a lot of them so no fracking. Then he goes to pennsylvania. And he says you're going to have a million jobs and you want to keep lighting bills down. And then he goes to we will frack. And then news does not call him out on it.

It is expensive to do but it is worth it for the great state of ohio, right? Then we hear about medicare and social security. So all my life I have heard if you even touch so security you're out of politics. Try to destroy social security and medicare and I would like to think bernie. Bernie is honestly a good sport ,.

One of the greatest. He lost with hillary and possibly should not and I think she beat him. And this time, what they did, they called drupal team tim -- quadruple-team tim and he has no --quadruple-teamed him. And he goes back. Some people love to lose as long as I'm your president. I will always protect medicare and social security like I promised and he won't.

In America will continue to be the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world. You do not have to worry about me with your ohio fracking, frack to your hearts content. By the way, and it is not up to him.

His party is not going to let him frack, and his party, they have the dream. Kamala harris, and she said now I think we can live with it. Go with what they think first in politics. That is where they come from.

And they do not have a choice and she does not have either. And if they when a lot of bad things are going to happen. Joe biden in exchange for his party nomination, he has had it control of his party to the socialists,, lists -- marxists. You see them running up and down the street doing to medicine damage -- doing tremendous damage.

I said joe, tell us about it, antifa. He said, that is an idea. When you get hit over the head with a baseball bat that is not an idea. And he does not want to talk about it. York city's finest, they have taken that vehement enthusiasm, what they have done any arc is terrible. -- what they have done in new york is terrible.

You look at what is happened to new york crime wise, look at what is happened to chicago. Look at oakland, look at baltimore. Obama talks like his administration - how about ferguson, st. Louis.

What he had, and it is like I said, why I am here. People were not happy. They are running a slate of radical candidates, the most radical people. How about asc?

-- aoc? In minnesota's, omar. Complaining about the way we run our country. I think we are going to win, minnesota's not been won by a Republican since 1972, does anybody know that? I think we are going to minnesota.

First of all, we did a very good job with minneapolis, you know the national guard when in. -- went in. We have to get a call, we are not allowed to send them and unless you want to do something much tougher which we do not want to do.

We get a call and the national guard when in, wasn't that a beautiful? To me it was a beautiful sight. Boom. Boom.

They lined up just started walking. They should have been called a week and a half earlier, could have saved a lot of people and a lot of buildings and a lot of area. If joe biden wins, running your federal government. I signed into law when the statues were coming down, emoluments. First they were monuments of people we never heard of.

I said, you let them get away? There will be wanting to take on monuments of george washington and everyone laughed and I said I'm not top ash I'm not kidding -- and I said, I'm not kidding. If I were not president, they would have monuments taken down all over, going for the jefferson memorial, can you believe it? We have a mayor in washington, d.c., who formed a committee with recommendations. Her recommendations are serious.

I said no thank you, no thank you. We are going to keep the washington monument the way it is. These people, these people are crazy. I want to mount rushmore and made a speech and I do not know if you saw my speech but people liked my not rushmore.

You know why they liked it? Because it was so beautiful. Behind us these mountains, car so beautifully, south dakota, so beautiful and I making speech and I realize, they want to take down rushmore, no, it is not happening. By the way, do not tell that to the people, do not tell that to the people of south dakota, they not going to believe.

And when I saw the thing with the statues and with the monuments, all over the country, I said we need a strong, we need a strong, strong long, not with this Congress we have now, where one day would be too much. We took on an old law. It says 10 years in prison if you knocked on a monument. [applause] I reinstituted, I reenacted it, I signed it, and they were coming in washington and they wanted to knocked on quite a few of our beautiful monuments including one of abraham lincoln and your member jackson? -- and you remember jackson? The police had the ropes and they one in, these place, they were unbelievable.

And the police, they are pretty rough guys but the police went and are there much rougher. [applause] it was over so fast. It was over so fast.

[applause] andrew jackson, great General And a good president, may be a very good president, taken down, andrew jackson, a great battle of new orleans, great General And a very good president, they want beautiful opposite the white House, they wanted to put down. I the police went in. And the police did a great job -- and the police wanted.

-- and the police went and. And the police did a great job. We sign something that says 10 years. There were going to march the following day. And we informed them it is 10 years to jail, 10 years in prison, they used the term prison, because it is a tougher term,? Two they'd a do not use that term, today these much nicer terms.

It says 10 years in prison if you knocked on a monument. Do anything to damage a monument or statue. So what happened is they heard about it and they came in, there were 24 people and they're supposed to be tens of thousands and they looked around and the 24 people said, let's get out of here, 10 years, and that was the end. That was the end of it. It is amazing.

It is amazing what the pen can do, right? The pen. But you cannot go to Congress today and get that. Because they do not think this way. Today they do not think.

It is freedom of speech, you can let them do whatever they want to do. You cannot do that. You cannot do that. The federal government has been do a great job.

Now the state governments have to get tougher and call in the federal government when they have a problem, it is simple, the mayors, right, they could use help. The first thing they will do if they win this office and I do not think it is going to happen based on everything I am seeing, is there going to pack the supreme court with far-left judges who will eliminate your second amendment. [crowd booing] they will change everything, they will change it.

We took our time. I have three supreme court justices, we have a great government. [applause] three great ones, many presidents have had none, think of it, and me, their worst nightmare. [laughter] their heads are exploding.

No, but just of equal importance in my opinion, by the time, by the end of my first term, well have 300, give or take, 300 federal judges. [applause] a record, it is a record, no it is record, so think of that, 300 federal judges, I think close to 60 court of appeals judges, and three supreme court justices. I mean, can you believe it? Even I cannot believe it, even I, it is record. If I do not sound like a typical washington politician, it is because I'm not a politician. [applause] but if I do not was play by the rules, of the washington establishment, it is because I was elected to fight for you and I'm fighting for your harder than any President Has ever.

So we are joined today by a couple friends, state auditor kate faber -- keith faber. Good job, keith. [crowd chanting] thank you.

So, keith has john a great job and thank you very much, keith, for being here, we appreciate it. That tearing was for you, I think. -- that cheering was for you, I think. Was that for you? State supreme court justices judy french and sharon kennedy, thank you very much. [applause] congratulations, thank you.

Thank you very much. [crowd chanting] thank you very much. Thank you, judge.

And a person cannot write at the beginning was with us, right there -- and a person, right at the beginning was with us, right there and she was fantastic, gop chairwoman jane. Great, jane. How are we doing, jane? How does it compare to four years ago?

She goes more so, more enthusiasm, even more days as a. They are going to dust even more enthusiasm. -- even more enthusiasm.

Remember four years ago? Was that one of the greatest days ever? They said this'll be a very short evening for donald trump and then they say donald trump has won the state of florida.

What is that all about? Donald trump has won the state of ohio. What the hell is going on? [applause] donald trump has one, they have north carolina they said, that is there, that is the one.

Donald trump has just won the state of north carolina, well. And georgia. South carolina. And we won, we swept the whole place. Then we came in with michigan. It had not been one in decades and decades.

And we came in with wisconsin, had not been one in a long time. And it was like one of the most beautiful evenings, wasn't it? [applause] then they talk about, if you lose, will this be a friendly transition? And I said, let me ask a question?

When I one, did they give me a friendly transition? They spied on my campaign. Was that a friendly transition? I also want to recognize pickwick county commissioner and ohio state football legend champ henson. Where the hell is he?

A good-looking guy. You look like you could play tomorrow, champ, boy. He is a hell of an athlete, great. That is great. Champ led the nation in scoring when he played for the great woody hayes at ohio state.

[applause] right? It looks good, handsome guy. What he hayes was easy to play for, wasn't he?

It was a nice guy. -- woody hayes was easy to play for, was any? He says no. But he got it done.

Great to see you, champ, appreciate it. For decades, politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding four nations. They would spend -- rebuilding foreign nations. Fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders.

Spending money on nations that did not give a dam about us. Now at rebuilding our cities and bringing our jobs, our factories and our troops back home to the usa. Our troops are all coming back.

[applause] got to fight the deep state all the time, no, but our troops are all coming back. Afghanistan, 19 years. Would you say that is enough? And we are placed in over there. We are placement over there -- and we are policeman over there.

We are policeman over there. And we built the greatest economy and we had to close it down, unbelievably. And we are doing it again.

We had to close it down. We did the right thing. Saved all those lives. Now we are reopening and we are doing at a level no one has ever seen before. In my first three years we increased family income, now I say make America great again again.

[laughter] we increased family income $6,000, five times the gains of a heirs under the pasta administration -- gains of a heirs under that pat -- five times the gains of 8 years of the past administration. All unemployment. I have seen so many forms of unemployment, with a high school diploma, without a high school diploma. An mba, a college degree, graduating number one at m.I.t., everybody was doing better. Women doing unbelievably, unbelievably, breaking every record. [applause] but we had to slow it down.

Close it up, say those lives. Understand this horrible virus that was sent to us. Sent to the whole world. Sent to the whole world.

They stopped it from going into other parts of China. It came to the u.s. And Europe and all over the world. After the buyers hit -- after the virus hit we have recovered economically since april, we created 11.4 million jobs. This week I signed in order to protect the pensions of workers of delphi corporation -do we have any of those workers here? There are like two people here, you are so lucky I am president.

When General Motors went bankrupt, joe biden and President Obama, the pensions were wiped out and families were left in disarray. So my order is the first step to restore the pensions and health care benefits promised to workers in wisconsin, michigan, and ohio, and congratulations and on and on, note, they were treated unfairly and promised all sorts of things and as usual none of that happened. I would never let anyone rip off our great American worker. We are not going to rip them off and that for a long time. Joe biden says to buy American. He spent 47 years in washington with corporation sending jobs to foreign countries.

Does he ever say higher American -- hire American? Did you notice? So that leaves no jobs for americans.

That is all done, don't worry about it, don't get upset. All the protections I've given to the American worker, a lot of protections, to save our auto industry. I withdrew from the transpacific partnership. I ended nafta. [applause] everyone said that would be impossible to do and probably signed the new usmca into law, mexico, canada and it just kicked in.

The difference is unbelievable. Do you know how I know that it is good? Because those two countries are not quite as happy. Nafta was a disaster thomas 60,000 factories went to different countries. , it was a terrible thing to have signed and everybody said it would be impossible to terminate and I terminated it and we have the usmca, which is great for us and it makes it very tough. In the wall is a must complete.

-- and the wall is a most complete. [applause] he says, bill the well. But you know -- he says build the wall. You know the press does not talk about it anymore. It has created such an unbelievable strong border, you have no idea, and in mexico also, mexico has given us 27,000 soldiers. To protect our borders and you have to do it.

Because it is not right. And we do not have people. And remember when I came in, the caravans? Thousands of people were try to come in and I said you cannot do it and you do not hear about it in the stores anymore.

You do not hear about the wall anymore. You know? Once you are a developer, this is easy. [laughter] got it financed, mexico will be paying for it. Because we are going to charge a fee at the pass. So it is very simple.

But they have been very great, mexico has treated us well, they did not used to treat us well but now they treat us well. Jill biden has vowed open borders, mass amnesty and health care for immigrants. That was another tape had -- another take he had. When they said they have super radical people running. That was not so bad.

I was waiting, I was waiting. That's good. You have a lot of people watching on television, you know? Remember they said, who is going to pay? Who is going to give health care to immigrants? They all raised their hands, everybody, except joe.

Because he has been doing it for 47 years and he knew it was not a good thing. So he did the shoulder, remember. [laughter] then he got the hand up and I said, ah. We all have a heart, but if you do that you're going to have tens of millions of people pouring into our country for health care, for college, for school, they want to give free school, free education. The new one, free lawyers for everybody who enters the country illegally.

That is with bernie, between bernie and the two characters he saw there. Bernie got taken can you believe it? He took joe further left and joe biden has pledged to terminate national security travel bans if it is ok with you.

Because I did not like people who want to come in and blow up our country, ok? [applause] I got it past, it was not easy. That was a bad one, tough one, they thought I was a bad person. No, I want people to come into our country.

Who love our country. Who can help us. Not people that want to blow up things and kill people.

But travel bounce and increase they want to increase -- but travel bans and increase, they want to increase refugees. Opening the floodgates to radical islamic terrorism, no thank you, no thank you. We appreciate it, but no thanks. I'm keeping the terrorists, jihadis and violent extremists out of our country, if that is ok. [applause] we invested $2.5 trillion of u.s.

Military including $6 billion in contracts. Four lima -- for lima, the army take plan. I'd -- the army tank plan.

I did that when I was President Elect, I had nothing to do for a little while. So I had nothing to do. I heard about this tank plan and I had friends, a lot of friends in ohio and they said about this tank plan. Jim jordan, who he is one of them.

[applause] jim jordan was a great nca wrestling champion, it was great, a great warrior I will tell you about, nobody like him, but it is through him and others they said we have to save this plant. I said let me take a look so I went to lima and saw this plant, and it is the only plant now that makes army tanks, at a level of sophistication you would not believe it. I am good at this stuff. I went to the plant and said if you close this plant you will never be able to get the skill, talent or facility to do this.

I'm not quite to buy our tanks from China, of -- I am not going to buy our tanks from China, ok? We were close to that in the steel world, let's buy our steel from China. There are certain industries we have to have and we brought that back.

So I said I'm knocking to let this be closed so I stopped it -- so I said, I am not going to let this be closed so I stopped it. And we are making tanks at a record level. [applause] and jim jordan was helpful. [crowd chanting] you would have never been able to replace that plant, this big incredible, sprawling place, and they make these tanks. There are so sophisticated you would not believe it when you see.

I look inside and I say no thanks, I do not have to go inside, I do not need that. Gina who tried that? -- do you know who tried that?

Two caucus. It did not -- michael dukakis. It was not a good picture, with him in the helmet. I am bigger than him. No, I do not have to go into the tank.

But I did happen to look at and I said that is like a complex machine. That is incredible what you do. I said we cannot close this plan, you will never be able to reproduce this and we do not close it thomas so it is one of a lot of great decisions I think we have made for our military -- not close it. So this is one of a lot of great decisions I think we have made for our military, and for the people of ohio. And we took over 100% of the ISIS caliphate. You saw that?

Syria and iraq. Four years they were after this bloodthirsty killer they were after I could never find him but we found him and we killed the leader, founder, al-baghdadi. [applause] then we took out the murder of American troops and other people , so many -- solemeini. I withdrew from the Iran nuclear deal. I recognized the true capital of israel and open the American embassy in Jerusalem. [applause] instead of never ending wars you see we yesterday another one, sudan.

We have bahrain, sudan, and the united arab emirates, really read by -- led by a great leader, mohammed. And we are getting peace without blood all over the sand. It is going to happen.

We have many other countries that want to come in. Many other countries want to come into that deal. We will have peace. I did more in 47 months that joe biden did in 47 years.

A vote for Republican is about four safe communities rate jobs a limitless future for americans. Wolf for the American dream, the Republican will be with us. Over the next four years in conclusion, we would make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world we have already started. And our reliance on China once and for all that has already happened. Hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and band deadly -- and band -- ban sink to a cities.

-- ban sanctuary cities. We would strike down terrorists who threaten citizens. We will keep America out of the ridiculous, endless foreign wars if that is ok, keep them out. [applause] we have created the greatest military in the world. You know we are the equipment we bought, to my $5 trillion, two point $5 trillion, much easier to get and the Democrat did not want to give anything but that was much easier to get believe are not in the wall, they do not want the wall. They said the wall was old-fashioned.

They wanted drones flying so you could watch people on the border. You know that I have been saying it a lot because it is true, there are two things that will never get obsolete, a wall and a whale, right -- a wall and a wheel, right? We credit $2.5 trillion -- we have created $2.5 trillion jet fighters, missiles, rockets, submarines.

[applause] the greatest weapon in the world, some reigns, the greatest most powerful weapons in the world, our nuclear arsenal is fixed and ready, and only hope we never have to use it. But you know what? We are much less likely to have to use it. Right now we have things, hypersonic missiles.

I called them the-- hyrdrosonic missiles that goat seven times the speed of a normal quick missile -- that goat seven times the speed of a normal quick so -- that go seven times the speed. We have hydrosonic now that are the fastest in the world. We have the greatest equipment, the envy of the world, Russia, China, North Korea. We have the greatest equipment. We have the greatest people. We have the greatest warriors that the warriors need the equipment and when I came into office in my first short time.

One of the world's most overrated generals told me we do not have ammunition. I said that should never be said to a President Again. Now we have so much ammunition we do not know what to do with it. So we have totally rebuilt our military, the finest equipment anywhere in the world, nothing even close, no other country has anything even close.

The fake news was saying, you should not be saying that, you're giving confidential information. That is ok, I will say it. Can you imagine, they wanted to call me on that? Maybe they should have beach to me from making that statement -- maybe they should beach me from making that statement. The biggest thing there is, price transparency.

It kicks in generate first, bigger than help -- it kicks in on january thirst -- first. Just a kicks in on january 1. Wait until you see where you can negotiate with your doctors. Lower drug prices and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, always, always. We will the radical dr. Nation of our students, restore patriotic education to our schools.

[applause] and teach children to love our country, honor history and always respect our great American flag. [applause] [cheers and applause] and, and partly, we will live by the timeless words our national motto, in God we trust. [applause] for years you had a President Who apologized for America. Now you have a President Standing up for America and standing up for the great people of ohio. Thank you.

[applause] [cheers and applause] standing up for the great people of, florida, no palm trees. He did that seven times. Once you do that and walk off the stage it is no good. You walk off the stage.

Standing up for the great people. Iowa and idaho. This is not what we need.

For the last four years you have seen me fight and now I am relying on you to deliver a historic victory for our country. [applause] vote early, bring friends, families, neighbors, coworkers, get your boss to go, I do not care. But every has to get out and vote. [crowd chanting] from akron to columbus, dayton to cleveland, cincinnati to hear in circleville. [applause] we stand on the soldiers of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, their sweat, their soul, to secure our liberty and defend our freedom. We inherit the legacy of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, tame to the wilderness, laid down the railroads, dug out the panama canal, raised up the great skyscrapers, 12 world words -- won 2 world wars.

And the best is yet to come. [applause] proud citizens like you helped build this country. Together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. That is what this is about. With your help, devotion and drive, we are going to keep working, keep fighting and keep winning, winning, winning.

[applause] we are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God and together with the incredible people of ohio, we have made America powerful again militarily. We have made America wealthy again, stock market. We have made America strong again. [applause] we have made America proud again. [applause] we have made America safe again.

[applause] we will make America great again. Thank you.