ID: CSPANDT3112020110
Title: President Trump Remarks on Election Status
Date: 2020-11-03

thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Please said, thank you. This is without question the latest news conference I have ever had. [laughter] thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Please said, thank you.

This is without question the latest news conference I have ever had. [laughter] thank you. I appreciate it very much. I want to thank the American people for their tremendous support. Millions and millions of people voted for us tonight. And a very sad group of people is trying to disenfranchise that group of people and we will not stand for it.

[applause] I want to thank the first lady, my entire family and Vice president Pence, mrs. Pence for being with us all through this. We were getting ready for a big celebration. We were winning everything and all of a sudden it was called off. The results tonight have been phenomenal and we are getting ready , literally we were all set to get outside and just celebrate something that was so beautiful, so good. Such a vote, such a success.

The citizens of this country have come out in record numbers , this is a record mother's been anything like it , to support our movement. We won states we did not expect to win. Florida, we did not win it, we wanted by a lot.

, won it by a lot. [applause] we won the great state of ohio and we won texas. [applause] we won texas by 700,000 votes and they don't even include it in the tabulations. It is also clear we have one georgia. , won georgia.

[applause] we are up by 2.5%, 117,000 votes with only 7% left. They can't catch us. Likewise we have clearly won north carolina.

[applause] we are about 1.4% or 77,000 votes, with only approximately 5% left , cannot cutatch us. Also arizona, we have a lot of life in that and somebody said, some of the declared it was a victory , maybe it will be, that is possible, but certainly there were a lot of votes out there we could get because we are just coming into what they call trump territory, I don't know what you call it, but these were friendly trump voters. That could be overturned.

The gentleman that called it, he said we think it is fairly unlikely he could catch , fairly unlikely? And we don't even need it, we don't need that, that was just a state we would have gotten and it would have been nice, arizona. There is a possibility, may be a good possibility, in fact, since I saw that originally, it has changed and the numbers have substantially come down in a small amount of votes. We want that obviously to stay in play.

Most importantly, we are winning pennsylvania by a tremendous amount. [applause] we are up a 600 , think of this. We are up 690,000 votes in pennsylvania. These are not even close.

This is not like oh, it is close. 64% of the vote in, it will be almost impossible to catch. We are coming into good pennsylvania areas where they happen to like your president.

[applause] we will probably expand that. We are winning michigan , I looked at the numbers and I said whoa. I said well that is a lot. By almost 300,000 votes.

And 65% of the vote is in. And we are winning wisconsin. We don't need all of them. Because when you add texas, which wasn't added. I spoke with the governor of texas a while ago, greg abbott, he said congratulations, he called me to congratulate me on winning texas.

We won texas. I don't think they've finished a tabulation but there is no way. He congratulated me.

He said what is going on I've never seen anything like this. Can I tell you what, nobody has so we won by a hundred thousand votes with 81% of the vote in michigan. If you take those three states and all of the others , we have so many. We had such a big night you take a look at all of these states we won tonight and you look at the kind of margins we have one them by , won them by is not like we are up 12 votes. And all of a sudden I said what happened to the election? It is off and we have all of these announcers saying what happened?

And they said oh. They knew they couldn't win, so they said let's go to court. Did I predict this? I've been saying this from the day I heard they were going to send out tens of millions of ballots. I said this exactly. Either they were going to win or if they did not win, they would take us to court.

Florida was a tremendous victory, 377,000. [applause] texas. Ohio. Ohio, a tremendous state, a big state, I love ohio, we won. Think of it. Almost 500,000 votes.

North carolina, a big victory with north carolina. So we won there and we lead by 76,000 votes with almost nothing left. All of a sudden everything just stopped. This is a fraud on the American public. This is an embarrassment to our country. We were getting ready to win this election.

Frankly, we did win this election. [applause] our goal now is to ensure the integrity for the good of this nation , this is a very big moment. This is a major fraud on our nation. We want a law to be used in a proper manner. We will be going to the u.s. Supreme court.

We want all voting to stop. We don't want them to find any ballots at 4:00 in the morning and add them to the list, ok? It is a very sad moment. To me this is a very sad moment.

We will win this. As far as I am concerned, we already have. [applause] I want to thank all of our support, I want to thank all of the people that worked with us.

Mr. Vice the vice president, say a few words, please. [applause] thank you. I appreciate it very much. I want to thank the American people for their tremendous support. Millions and millions of people voted for us tonight.

And a very sad group of people is trying to disenfranchise that group of people and we will not stand for it. [applause] I want to thank the first lady, my entire family and Vice president Pence, mrs. Pence for being with us all through this. We were getting ready for a big celebration.

We were winning everything and all of a sudden it was called off. The results tonight have been phenomenal and we are getting ready , literally we were all set to get outside and just celebrate something that was so beautiful, so good. Such a vote, such a success. The citizens of this country have come out in record numbers , this is a record mother's been anything like it , to support our movement. We won states we did not expect to win. Florida, we did not win it, we wanted by a lot.

, won it by a lot. [applause] we won the great state of ohio and we won texas. [applause] we won texas by 700,000 votes and they don't even include it in the tabulations.

It is also clear we have one georgia. , won georgia. [applause] we are up by 2.5%, 117,000 votes with only 7% left. They can't catch us. Likewise we have clearly won north carolina. [applause] we are about 1.4% or 77,000 votes, with only approximately 5% left , cannot cutatch us.

Also arizona, we have a lot of life in that and somebody said, some of the declared it was a victory , maybe it will be, that is possible, but certainly there were a lot of votes out there we could get because we are just coming into what they call trump territory, I don't know what you call it, but these were friendly trump voters. That could be overturned. The gentleman that called it, he said we think it is fairly unlikely he could catch , fairly unlikely? And we don't even need it, we don't need that, that was just a state we would have gotten and it would have been nice, arizona. There is a possibility, may be a good possibility, in fact, since I saw that originally, it has changed and the numbers have substantially come down in a small amount of votes. We want that obviously to stay in play.

Most importantly, we are winning pennsylvania by a tremendous amount. [applause] we are up a 600 , think of this. We are up 690,000 votes in pennsylvania. These are not even close. This is not like oh, it is close. 64% of the vote in, it will be almost impossible to catch.

We are coming into good pennsylvania areas where they happen to like your president. [applause] we will probably expand that. We are winning michigan , I looked at the numbers and I said whoa. I said well that is a lot.

By almost 300,000 votes. And 65% of the vote is in. And we are winning wisconsin. We don't need all of them. Because when you add texas, which wasn't added. I spoke with the governor of texas a while ago, greg abbott, he said congratulations, he called me to congratulate me on winning texas.

We won texas. I don't think they've finished a tabulation but there is no way. He congratulated me. He said what is going on I've never seen anything like this. Can I tell you what, nobody has so we won by a hundred thousand votes with 81% of the vote in michigan.

If you take those three states and all of the others , we have so many. We had such a big night you take a look at all of these states we won tonight and you look at the kind of margins we have one them by , won them by is not like we are up 12 votes. And all of a sudden I said what happened to the election?

It is off and we have all of these announcers saying what happened? And they said oh. They knew they couldn't win, so they said let's go to court. Did I predict this?

I've been saying this from the day I heard they were going to send out tens of millions of ballots. I said this exactly. Either they were going to win or if they did not win, they would take us to court. Florida was a tremendous victory, 377,000. [applause] texas. Ohio.

Ohio, a tremendous state, a big state, I love ohio, we won. Think of it. Almost 500,000 votes.

North carolina, a big victory with north carolina. So we won there and we lead by 76,000 votes with almost nothing left. All of a sudden everything just stopped. This is a fraud on the American public.

This is an embarrassment to our country. We were getting ready to win this election. Frankly, we did win this election. [applause] our goal now is to ensure the integrity for the good of this nation , this is a very big moment. This is a major fraud on our nation. We want a law to be used in a proper manner.

We will be going to the u.s. Supreme court. We want all voting to stop. We don't want them to find any ballots at 4:00 in the morning and add them to the list, ok? It is a very sad moment. To me this is a very sad moment.

We will win this. As far as I am concerned, we already have. [applause] I want to thank all of our support, I want to thank all of the people that worked with us.

Mr. Vice the vice president, say a few words, please. [applause] thank you, mr. President. I want to join you in thinking more than 60 million americans who have already cast their vote for four more years of President Donald trump in the white House.

[cheers and applause] while the votes continue to be counted, we will remain vigilant. The right to vote has been at the center of our democracy since the founding of this nation and we will protect the integrity of the vote but I believe with all my heart, with the extraordinary margins you've inspired in the states you described and the movement across this country to make America great again, I believe, as you do, that we are on the road to victory and we will make America great again, again. Thank you, mr.

President. [cheers and applause] (music) [sousa march playing] thank you, mr. President. I want to join you in thinking more than 60 million americans who have already cast their vote for four more years of President Donald trump in the white House.

[cheers and applause] while the votes continue to be counted, we will remain vigilant. The right to vote has been at the center of our democracy since the founding of this nation and we will protect the integrity of the vote but I believe with all my heart, with the extraordinary margins you've inspired in the states you described and the movement across this country to make America great again, I believe, as you do, that we are on the road to victory and we will make America great again, again. Thank you, mr. President.

[cheers and applause] (music) [sousa march playing] we've heard from both joe and President Trump this evening. Both, speaking inconclusively since the results are not fully in. We will continue to be live all night taking your calls, hearing more victory and concession speeches as well as updating the result.

To contact us, the numbers are on the screen. 202 is the area code. 748-8920 if you support President Trump. 748 8921 if you support joe biden.

If you have a third-party or a different perspective, call in at 202-748-8922. Our text number include your first name and city, 202-748-8903. We will get back to funds in just a minute after checking in with greta at the news desk. We've heard from both joe and President Trump this evening.

Both, speaking inconclusively since the results are not fully in. We will continue to be live all night taking your calls, hearing more victory and concession speeches as well as updating the result. To contact us, the numbers are on the screen. 202 is the area code. 748-8920 if you support President Trump. 748 8921 if you support joe biden.

If you have a third-party or a different perspective, call in at 202-748-8922. Our text number include your first name and city, 202-748-8903. We will get back to funds in just a minute after checking in with greta at the news desk.