ID: CSPANDT269202074
Title: President Trump Rally in Middletown, Pennsylvania
Date: 2020-09-26

well, we won pennsylvania last time and we are going to win it by a lot more this time. Four years ago, we had a lot of enthusiasm but we have more now, even the fake news will admit that. More than we have ever had. Hello, pennsylvania.

As we stand together -- we will take it. I just came from the rose garden at the white House. Thank you very much. I love you, too. I love you, too. [cheering] we are doing well.

Our country is going to be stronger than ever before very soon. It is all happening beautifully. We had to close it down, we saved millions of lives, we are doing record numbers, we are going to have a great third quarter, so thank you very much. I just came from the rose garden at the white House where I proudly nominated judge amy coney barrett for the United States supreme court.

Judge barrett is a brilliant legal mind and extraordinary scholar, you know that. Number one in her class. One of the most respected people, he says the greatest student he has ever had.

That is a little better than joe biden, wouldn't you say? She should be running for president. Academically, slightly better. And most importantly, she will defend your God-given rights and freedoms, she well.

Judge barrett would become the third supreme court justice along with over 300 -- think of this, this is our third nomination. Justice gorsuch, justice kavanaugh, and now we have amy along with 300 federal judges. Confirmed to uphold our laws and constitution and that is a record. Joe biden has refuted to provide his list because the names will be handpicked by socialists like representative alexandria ocasio-cortez. An ill had omar -- ilhan omar.

She is always complaining. Things worked out for her. How did she come here?

Does anybody know how she came here? That is a beauty. That is a group of real -- they love our country so much, right?

The far-left will pack the supreme court with about echols who will terminate the second amendment, that is what they want to do, strike the word under God -- tear down crosses from public spaces and force taxpayers to fund extreme late-term abortion, that is what they are looking to do. Those justices will cripple police departments, protect sanctuary cities, and declare the death penalty unconstitutional for even the most depraved mass murderers, it is unconstitutional. We will save your second amendment and together, we will save our country, that is what we are doing.

That is a lot of people. We have tens of thousands of people. If sleepy joe came here, I really mean this, you know the little circle? He can't get them full. Those big, beautiful -- wherever does it does a nice job, they are very round.

You get like five of them and then he stands far back and walks -- I don't get the whole deal. We have tens of thousands, somebody said 18,000. Last night, we had 35,000 people in virginia. We are making a play for virginia because we have a governor in virginia, all he does is talk about terminating the second amendment, that is all he talks about. In 38 days, we will win pennsylvania, we will win four boy years -- more years.

Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Thank you great honor.

We have achieved a lot together. Wait until you see the numbers on november 3, get out and vote, early vote, do whatever you have to do, make sure they don't teach you with those ballots. Did you see today?

There was a big mishap with the ballots, another one. Every day. Big mishap with the ballots. New york is saying, we are going to change the system it is a little late for doing that, isn't it? New york is going to work on something, governor cuomo is going to work on something now. The ballots are flowing, it is a little late.

Then in a certain location, you know the location, they mailed the ballots out. They doubled it up and everybody in this Democrat area got two ballots instead of one. Then two days ago, they found eight ballots in a wastepaper basket. They all had the name trump written on them, they were military ballots. Then they have a very good state, they found lots of pallets dumped in the stream. This is not right, what they are doing is not it is all gone -- these ones we are talking about, whether it is pennsylvania, because we are going to win in pennsylvania, but you have a governor who is in charge of pallets -- north carolina, michigan, nevada, all of these places are bun by Democrat, these are the ones that count the ballots.

It is like common sense. We are going to be careful, and we are waiting for rulings from a great federal judge in your state about the constitutionality of the whole thing. They are going to try to steal the election.

The only way they can win pennsylvania is to cheat on the ballots. They said, there was a mistake on a letter the ballots, they are going to try to redo the system. Think of iowa during the primary, they couldn't do anything, it was a mess. Good job. Good job. Good job.

Man. That guy, he is going -- wait, wait. He just opened his mouth and we had that gentleman in the beautiful blue -- will you stand up? You are on him?

This guy hadn't gotten the first word out. That is the kind of guy I want working for me. That was just instinct, it is called natural instinct, some people have it and some people don't. Unfortunately, most people don't, that is the problem.

We proudly achieved energy independence, we are now the number one producer of oil and natural in the world. Sleepy joe biden -- that is not good for pennsylvania. He decided to pull back. He went to a place called texas.

No oil, no God, and no guns in texas, that doesn't work. It doesn't work here either. It is a big business year, 900,000 jobs. He wants to eradicate all of the things you are doing, all of the things bringing in so much money for your state, it is a disgrace. He is trying to say, I did not mean that.

That was like hillary, remember? She made a horrible statement about clean coal, crooked hillary, then three weeks later -- I've used to say, now, now, we one -- won, but now -- she is crazy. It was a stone cold of her.

Remember the emails? You think we forgot? Did not forget the emails. Remember the emails?

When Congress said we want 33,000 emails and they deleted emails, they deleted everything, the text messages everything they deleted, if mike kelly did that he would be out of a job so fast. He would be gone. We would not last long. I mean, the corruption -- did you see over the last 48 hours, the fbi text messages, trump was right, the one guy says, trump was right, you should not be doing this.

But they brought him along -- we need insurance, we have to get insurance for this, this is wrong. Trump was right. It turned out it was a whole big disinformation deal and you know who the guilty party is? The Democrat and hillary, they were the ones that dealt with Russia, it wasn't us, which we have been saying for a long time. These text messages came out, did you see that? They just came out.

We went through 2.5 years of a lot of work and they ruined a lot of people. Look at General Flynn. Those messages about General Flynn came out. They knew he was innocent and they said, we want flynn to get trump.

It came out loud and clear, they were after trump. We got to get back to Congress and go after these people, these people are sick. It was a whole big call and job with shifty s chiff, he says a totally different thing than what I said and they said, you can't go after him because he is shielded because he made the speech -- he totally lied. It should be the opposite. When you are in Congress, you should be more honest. There we have any seniors -- do we have any seniors?

We are proud of it. For years, biden tried to cut social security and medicare -- you know that. They are going with socialized medicine if they ever get in. Remember obama?

Obama knew all about the scam. You know all about this coup. You know all about the spying on my campaign. He knew everything.

They have him cold. They have him cold. I said he was spying on my campaign.

The internet blew up, how dare you say that? It was true. It was true.

And now they are trying to take it away. Can you believe it? This is usa.

Can you believe it? We caught him. All these text messages, and from what I hear, they have real beauties coming out the next couple of days. But somebody said, you can do that, he was president, well I'm president, and it would not stop.

I promise. These people are sick. They are bad people. Remember when biden said, when I argued that we should freeze federal spending, I meant social security, he meant this, he said when I argued that he wanted to freeze all this federal spending, he is not going to take care of your medicare, he is not what you take care of your social security, and if he gets in, he is going to have nothing to say because the radical left will control him, and he is going to do socialized medicine as sure as you are sitting or standing there. I can't even tell the difference.

You are sitting. As it did nice, we've got seats for people? And the police back there, are they the greatest? [applause] [crowd chanting was bracket -- [crowd chanting] they are great people.

We've got so many door summons, I don't even talk about them anymore. We have so many police endorsements. New york city's finest.

Never did it before. They endorsed me. They endorsed us for president. They can solve that problem in new york.

All they have to do is let them do their job and not take $1 billion away on fire some of the best people on the force. We've got chicago. Think of that, chicago police endorsed me. That is not easy.

They are dealing with radical left people. We got endorsed by all the sheriff's in florida, all law enforcement in florida. We got endorsed by texas, oklahoma. We got endorsed by, does anybody know of any police area or group who has not endorsed us?

We are looking for them. We are looking. Now, biden is pledging to give federal health care to illegal aliens, which is decimating medicare. Just so you understand, we all have heart.

We want to help your. But the problem is, when you say that, people who never thought of going to the United States say let's go. We get free education, premedication, free health care. And I said joking one time, everybody gets a new rolls-royce and cnn said, he lied. He said that's all the illegal immigrants. There are 750,000 of them.

[crowd chanting] they said he lied, I didn't. I was only kidding. They said I lied. Remember what I said, Russia if you are listening, find your emails, or whatever I said, find her emails.

Then we all laughed together, 25,000 people on the stadium come on television, look at all the cameras on television, look at all those great lights, they are standing in the rain, just like I am, and they don't like it, but do you remember? The problem is, they cut it off exactly before we all started to laugh together. And for two years, they have been saying it, he asked Russia to please get her emails or whatever the hell we were asking . Russia, if you are listening. The hopeless cracks up along with me. In fact, they cut off my last word.

You know, the got to cut it short because they don't want to see any sign, this is dishonest of these, they are really, they are so bad for the country. But right now, it is live all over the place. We will let it go. Let's say it at the end instead. They are cnn, totally corrupt, they are fake, and you see the light go off, the red light.

And I said, I've got to stop saying that. The think it is wet enough out here? [applause] and they all said, do you need a hat? What hat is going to mess this beautiful suit?

I have a red one and whatever the hell color this is. Red is not going to go well with this color. No, it is fine, I like to play in the rain with my friends from pennsylvania. [applause] we are in the rain together.

We are in the rain together. [crowd chanting] [unintelligible chanting] thank you, very much. Now we are in the rain together. We will stay out here all night if we have to. But, I will tell you, so many interesting things are going on.

When I look at their plans, did you see their plans, the manifesto? That is the bernie sanders and aoc manifesto. Normally, when you negotiate with communists, haven't they gone over, I don't think it is, this is no longer socialism, we are dealing with worse than socialism. These are communism -- this is communism.

When you are dealing with socialism, you are supposed to be bringing them to the right, and they started with a plan and are bringing it further left. This plan is horrible. Call it the bernie manifesto, crazy bernie. The one thing they agree on with us his trade, because we were being ripped off by so many countries.

I stopped a lot of it. I had to devote a lot of time to the fake impeachment. Now you see how fake the impeachment was. What about biden's son getting 3.5 million dollars from the wife of the mayor of moscow, and then they say donald is dealing with Russia. Donald trump, I never even made a call, donald trump, donald trump is dealing, this guy got $3.5 million from the wife of the mayor of moscow. What the hell was that for?

Probably for his great experience in energy. But he didn't have that. And then it is revealed yesterday that he got a lot more money from China at he thought, and he got a lot more money, this is all perfect stuff, it is like unbelievable, but he got a lot more money from China, and the 100 or 83 or $63,000 a month, now it looks like it was 180 thousand dollars a month. And he got an upfront payment of $3 million from ukraine. And this is because it is great knowledge of energy, but he had none. They said, do you know nothing about energy?

No, I don't up at the know anything. And then the father calls for the prosecutor, get him out or you are not getting your billion dollars from the United States. Whoa, they got him out, and here is your billion dollars.

That is not a wit probe whoa, but a perfect phone call is a quid pro quo, where nothing was up. It's a disgrace. Hopefully, we are getting all that stuff come, because we have plenty. Biden's plan for mass amnesty would bankrupt you are social security system. They say that is going to hurt.

Because they give disinformation. They say a live, like the soldiers in the grace, and they put it in. Can you imagine. No animal I know would say that. Nobody.

They make up a lie and they go with it. Social security, they said four years ago they said again now, your source or security, by the way, we never touched it. They said, he will destroy your social security. No, they will destroy it, because they will destroy your country and your social security will be worthless.

That is was going to happen, in just three point five years, we secured America's borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the u.s. Military, obliterated 100 percent of the ISIS caliphate, fixed our disastrous trade deals and brought jobs back home, and back onto the commonwealth of pennsylvania. Under 16 years of presidents obama and bush, household income rolled only $2945. These are right out of the book. So 16 years, less than $3000. In three years, with us, it rose $6,483.

So much less for them. And if you include energy savings, how do you like mangoes two dollars for gasoline? And your electric bills, way down. We are number one in the world.

If you include that, it is $10,000. That is over three years, three and a half years. We left at six point 6 million people out of poverty, which is a record. We built the greatest economy in the history of the world and now we are very rapidly, and you see the numbers, it is happening all over, we have added a historic 10.6 million jobs in the past four months. There has never been a record like that. We have added more jobs at any time in four months.

Not even close. And to fight the China virus, we launched the largest national mobilization since world war ii. They said, how did you do it? I said to get na+, but I get a d in public relations, because were so busy working, and when you give it to the fake news, they reported incorrectly, so I figure, what is the use of even dealing with them? We did a job, we got the ventilators that nobody had come of the cupboards were bare when we took over. We ion aided -- we pioneered lifesaving therapies, reducing the fidelity right 85% -- the fatality rate 85% since april.

And Europe is having a big surge, look at Europe, we are doing well and we don't want them to have a search. Europe has had almost a 50% greater excess mortality rate than the United States. You don't want to hear that. They don't want to tell you that. Our early and aggressive action saved millions of lives through operation warp speed. We will develop and distribute a vaccine in record time.

You're going to have it very, very soon. They are very upset with the vaccine. They are very upset with the vaccine because it is happening too soon. They don't want it now, even though it is saving lives. It is going to save tremendous lives.

They don't want to hear it. They don't want to hear about the therapies. They just want to get to the election. One state, did you hear this, we are going to open high schools on november 6.

I told you that, right? Don't worry about it, pennsylvania. Your state is going to be open on november 4 this was some idiot. And now they are excoriating this person who said it. They are excoriating the person who set it. We will open our schools november 6, november 9 the latest.

That's nice. You have to open up your schools, open up your state. Open it up. [applause] the ones that are doing well other ones that opened at up. We will crush the virus and our opponents will crush America. That is what it is about.

They will. They will deliver crippling shutdown and a steep -- you will have, if sleepy joe biden becomes president, first of all, a massive tax increase. You are going to see interest rates through the ceiling.

You will have a depression the likes of which this country has never seen before, and I am including 1929. That was a pretty bad when. That's what is going to happen. I hope I don't get a chance to be tested, because I don't want to be tested. I don't want to have him say, I was right, because with us, you are going to have incredible prosperity. We are cutting taxes and we are growing fast.

[applause] I am delivering a safe vaccine in record time. That is the other thing with the vaccine, because of me and the faa, they are approving things in a fraction of the time. You wouldn't have had a vaccine if you had to go through that obsolete process. You wouldn't have had a vaccine for two and a half to four years. On november 3, pennsylvania will decide whether we end the pandemic, defeat the virus, and returned to record prosperity, or whether we allow sleepy joe biden to kill the recovery, delay a vaccine, impose a $4 trillion tax hike, destroy your suburbs.

Everyone is talking about me and suburbs. I knocked down in the regulation that allows a low-income housing in the suburbs. And then, people in the suburbs don't like me, you better like me, because your suburbs are going to be so great. They say that women in the suburbs, I made the mistake, I said housewives living in the suburbs. They said, that was politically incorrect. I got killed for that.

I used the term housewives. It is not an unacceptable term? They are all are saying no. I said housewives in the suburbs and they said, what a horrible thing to say. But women, it must be politically correct, women and men in the suburbs, they are changing the zoning so they can build. That is what it is.

They are changing your zoning. It was a rule, regulation, it was a disaster, and I called my people, I said, I want to terminate it. They said, we can't do that, let's just amended. I said no, you don't understand, I don't want to have ended it, I want to terminate it. Yes, sir.

And we terminated it. [applause] but if you believe the fake suburb polls, I don't think people in the suburbs know that I did that. I don't think they know that I did it.

They say, we want sleepy joe biden. Why? First of all, you are not getting him up. You're getting this maniac who is falling like a rock in the polls. He picked somebody that he should never have picked. She was so bad to him, she said such bad things about him.

And on top of it, 15, 14, 13, 10, 8, 7, then she went back up to eight, had a big week, then she went back down. As she got out at one or two. She quit before iowa. And then they had the iowa primaries, and because they use these crazy ballots, nobody ever found out who one rate and other want to use them on a scale that is 1000 times bigger for our country, 80 million ballots.

80 million ballots. They couldn't count a small number but now they count. And then they had the race in new york, carolyn maloney, terrible congresswoman, and they took it away from the guy that was beating her, or would have beat her.

But they are missing massive. Some say they are missing 1%. Which would be terrible. You can win by 1%. You can win by 1/10 of 1%. There was one area where 41% of the ballots were missing.

41. These people are crazy. This is going to be a disaster. All I am asking is people go up to vote, go out to vote, and stop with this nonsense, because we are going to be counting ballots for the next two years. I don't want to end up in the supreme court and I don't want to go back to Congress either.

Even though we have an advantage if we go back to Congress. Does everyone understand that? I think it is 26-22 are something, because it is counted one vote per state. So we actually have an advantage. They are going to be thrilled to hear that. I am sure they are trying to figure out, how can we break that one?

Biden wants to confiscate your guns and indoctrinate your children. With poisonous anti-American lies in schools. To combat the toxic, left-wing propaganda in schools, I announced last week that we are announcing a pro America lesson land for students called the 1776 commission. We will teach her children about the truth of America, that we are the most exceptional nation on the face of the oath, and we are getting better. We are getting better. This is the most important election we have ever had.

I used to say couple of months ago, 20, 2016, that was pretty exciting, right? Was that the coolest night? Trump is winning florida.

He is winning north carolina. He is winning pennsylvania. He is winning michigan. He is winning wisconsin. He is winning everything. What the hell is going on, and people crying, crying, the anchors, nonbiased anchors, they are crying.

I watched an interview with a person on msnbc, sleepy joe was on, and she is, did you see that on tv? As he is very tough, very tough, very nasty, and she is feeding him canned answers, and isn't it true, isn't it true trump is a horrible human being? Yes, as we discussed before, it is true. This was the worst, most obvious, and this was a killer, this person is very tough. It is so big.

The whole thing is rigged. With got to beat the system, and we are beating the system. Sometimes I will look and I will have somebody in the office, a corrupt media person, and I will be complaining how unfair it is and I will be sitting in the oval office and saying how unfair it is and I would look around the oval office and say wait a minute, we are in the oval office and you are not. [applause] and I stopped complaining, mike.

And I said, this is the oval office, isn't it? Joe biden has surrendered his party to the flag burners, rioters, anti-police radicals, and arcus -- anarchists, his running mate donated to a fund that bailed out rioters from jail, including a cop killer, let's get them out of jail. 13 members of biden's staff donated to the same fund. They donated a lot of money.

We want to get these people out. You saw what we did in minneapolis. They call this a week too late.

We went in. About a half-hour, it was over. We brought in the national guard. We told seattle, we are coming, and they left that night. We were also ago in. I was so disappointed.

We were going to make a big statement, but we couldn't, because they said ok, they left. Shouldn't have told them. Next time, don't tell them. And if you look at portland, what a mess, right? What a mess.

Chicago is a mess. New york, what they let happen to new york. That we have these great police in chicago and new york.

They can do the job. Just let them do the job. It's terrible.

[applause] but portland is anda rchists. And lastly, they shot a man in the street, I won't even say like what because his parents are so devastated. And they shot him. This one guy. This animal. And they ran over his hat.

Not our happy was another not. It was a christian hat. He was a christian. It was a christian.

And they shot him, killed him instantly. At the sky shot him, everybody knew who he was. I said after two days, where is he? Did you arrest him? If you arrest them? And then they put out on social media, why didn't you arrest him?

In the u.s. Marshalls sought, they went in, he pulled a gun on them, and 15 minutes, it was all over. None of our guys were hurt. This guy was a stone cold killer, and yet they say he was a protester. Not a protester.

And anarchists -- an anarchist and a killer. On the u.s. Marshals, that was an incredible job they did, brave. And the us marshals could solve the problem so easily, could put them in there so easy, but the governor doesn't want them. And for years, that has been going on in portland. I said, what did the streets look like?

They said, you wouldn't leave. People put up two by four storefronts, they don't want to buy new because they know somebody's going to knock them down into weeks. It is a terrible thing. The Democrat party warren cops is putting police officers at risk.

-- the Democrat party war on cops is putting police officers at risk. I will always stand with law enforcement. [applause] [crowd chanting] you see how much the people love you? They really do. You don't hear that.

You don't hear that. But the people love and respect the you do. But you don't hear it because the maniacs back here, they don't know what they are writing. But they love and respect you so much, so thank you very much. But that is why law-enforcement enforcement organizations around the country, all organizations, that is why they are endorsing may and strongly opposing my opponent on the radical left. On my opponent is controlled like a puppet by these people, by these crazy people.

I'm proud to have received the first-ever unanimous endorsement from the largest police union in the world, the fraternal order of police. [applause] largest in the world. And we are joined tonight by their president, a fantastic guy, friend of mine.

Pat yost and several hundred of their brave officers. Pat, come on up. Come on up. Wow. Wow.

Thank you very much. [unintelligible chanting] thank you, very much. November 3, get out there and vote. And keep your eyes open, if you see any shenanigans, which you probably will. If you see people dumping things, flushing things, if you see people dropping them in a wastepaper basket, seven or eight in the wastepaper. Keep your guys up.

This is a smart group of people right here. Also with us already group of warriors from washington that are fantastic, that love you. Dan, thank you very much.

Where is dan? That's not a very good location, dan. Thank you, dan. Congressman scott perry. Scott.

Thank you, scott, great job. These are warriors, I'm telling you. They fight.

They fight as hard as you can fight, every one of them. Lloyd smucker. Lloyd.

Thank you, lloyd. Thank you. Thank you you, lloyd. Great job. Congressman fred keller.

Thank you, fred. Great job. The great john joyce. Thanks, john.

[applause] and a real good friend of mine and somebody, I will tell you, he is as tough as they come and he loves pennsylvania, mike kelly. Thank you, mike. You like having these guys by your side?

Also a man, sort of a legend I would say, around here. He told me four years ago, you are going to win. I said, how do you know? A set I know, I can tell, I see people with trump stuff on that never cared about a politician in their life.

And they get the happened the sash and the belt and the shoes. He set of never seen. He called it a long time ago. Former congressman, we are going to get him back in I guess, he left because he had a lot of things to do, but he is fantastic. We've got to get him back.

Lou barletta. [applause] great guy. And we have a congressional candidate who I hear is leading, gym, where is jim. Jim, I hear you are leading. You have my total endorsement. You know that.

Total endorsement for jim. My pennsylvania campaign chair, bernie comfort. Bernie, thank you. Thank you, bernie. Great job.

Great. What a great job. Wow, have you done a job.

How are we doing by the way, bernie? [applause] thank you very much. And also, state gop chairman, friend of mine for a long time, lawrence davis. Lawrence, thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

That's a great group of people, thank you, all. We are going to have a great victory. Lawrence, you agree with me, right? Great victory. Bigger even than four years ago. That was good.

Remember, we wouldn't -- they wouldn't even announcement? Some people that -- remember, they wouldn't even announce it. Now I have accomplished more than I ever said I would. But I think we are going to have the kind of numbers that people are going to be very surprised by. We have spent the last four years reversing the damage joe biden inflicted over his 47 years in politics, along with his other friends.

He championed every globalist betrayal of pennsylvania for a most half a century. He supported nafta. Got rid of that one. South Korea. Renegotiated that one.

Tpp. Got out of that one. In China' entry into the world -- and China's entry into the world trade organization, which he said was a wonderful thing. No it wasn't e-reader was a terrible thing. That is when China took off like a rocket ship. China was going to overtake us, they said 2019.

Guess what? We way out did them in 2018 and 2019, and we picked up. [applause] if you have somebody smart, you've got to have somebody smart, but if you have somebody smart in this position, your president, they will never overtake you. There will never, ever overtake, they have more people, but they will never overtake you if you have somebody smart.

Biden's China deal wiped out one third of your state's manufacturing jobs. Biden shouldn't be asking for your vote, he should be begging for your forgiveness. In a true sense, this election is a choice between pennsylvania and China, or whatever state we are talking about and China.

But we are doing well. It's interesting. We signed a great deal. Farmers have done more business in the past two weeks. The biggest orders ever come a biggest soybeans, biggest capital, biggest beef orders, but it doesn't mean as much to me. The ink wasn't even dry when the plane came over, it wasn't even dry.

It doesn't mean what it meant. We made a great deal, but it doesn't mean anymore because they could have stopped it from coming here. If biden wins, China wins, and hunter wins. Where is hunter?

Where is hunter? He walks into China had walks out with $1.5 billion to manage. At the most sophisticated guys on wall street, I know them, they are smart, and they can't do that.

It took them 10 minutes to walk out with $1.5 billion to manage and make liens of dollars a year on that when we win big, pennsylvania wins in America wins and that is what is happening eerie for decades, our politicians spent trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and countries you never even heard of, and offending foreign borders. But now, we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities and bringing our jobs, our factories and our troops back home to the usa where they belong. Now, our opponents are pledging to rejoin the job-killing paris climate cord, disaster for our country. It was meant to hurt us. It was meant to take advantage of us.

We would have spent trillions of dollars. You would have ended up closing a lot of your plants and factories. And I said, I'm going to get out of this crazy deal, and I did they said, I'm going to kill me. You know what, the people got it.

They understood it. It was ripping off our country. Because we have things they don't have, like unbelievable wealth under our ground. They don't want to see it.

It's a wonderful thing. Thank you very much. I withdrew from that catastrophe because I was elected to fight for pennsylvania, not for paris. And we are putting America first.

It has been a long time. From day one, I put America first. To defend our workers, I imposed tariffs on foreign aluminum and foreign steel. I saved our auto industry by withdrawing from the horrible transpacific partnership. It would have killed. What I have done for michigan, in particular, also pennsylvania, but what I have done for them with autos, they get it.

They are building 17 or expanding 17 plants. They hadn't built one in 42 years, and we are building a lot of them. We have countries, want to do business with us, going to build auto plants.

I ended the nafta nightmare and signed a brand-new u.s.-mexico-canada agreement into law, which is great. And you are not going to be losing companies to mexico and canada, very disadvantageous for them to do that. I took the toughest type and number action to stand up to China's rampant theft of pennsylvania jobs. I probably signed a historic executive order making it official government policy to buy American and higher American -- by American and hire American. I watched biden two weeks ago, this lid, you know what a lid is?

He keeps putting this lid, it's 8:00 in the morning, lid means you are out for the day, that means the fake news media can go home. He's got the easiest job I ever seen. They never have to work.

Media, please go home, there won't be any activity from sleepy joe biden. He is a low-energy individual. You need a President With a lot of energy.

You are dealing with President Xi of China, President Putin of Russia, kim jong-un, remember, we are going to be in a war with North Korea. What happened to the war? We didn't do anything. But millions of people could have been killed in that nuclear war.

Probably would have been nuclear. But look at it. Getting along with these foreign nations is not a bad thing. They said, he gets along, yeah. Obama told me the biggest problem we had was North Korea.

He told me lots of four-story spirit and I said, have you tried calling him? And I got nominated for two nobel peace prize's. [applause] can you believe it? One is for israel and bahrain and the united arab emirates, and by the way, many countries are coming in. They are ongoing, want to come in. They are all coming in.

No blood in the sand. We reversed it. It's out of common sense, what we did. We've reversed it. And many countries are going to come in. And I told the story, I got one for kosovo and serbia.

They have been killing each other for many years. Just killing each other. They don't get along. They are like the palestinians and israel. And we are dealing with both of them. I said to them, why are you fighting and killing each other?

They have a lot of differences, including religious difference I guess. I said, what are you doing? And we trade with both, so we have certain power. I said let's get the deal, let's make economic peace and ultimately peace.

They came to my office, the oval office, to sign. They were hugging, they were so, it was a beautiful thing to see. We saved a lot of lives. And I told this last night, I said to my great first lady, our rate first lady a -- our great first lady, milani f. I said, first lady, I'm going to watch television tonight. I'm going to come home early.

6:30 is very early. I stay in bed late. But I'm going to come home early, I'm going to show you what a great job I just got, nominated for the nobel peace prize. And we are going to sit there and I am just going to soak it in, darling. Let's turn on nbc fake news.

Lester holt. Number-two rated show. He is number two. He's headed south.

I find nbc to be worse than the other failure. They spend all that money on their pr. Because when obama got it, nobody knew what he got it for, including him. This, what did you get it for? I don't know.

We have to work harder. He got a nobel prize and didn't have any idea why he got it. Then he started dropping bombs on someplace two weeks later the didn't work out. It didn't work out because he had john kerry negotiating.

He was the worst. Incompetent. So sad, Iran, that horrible deal. That was a fast plane. That must have been one of the new ones we just bought. We have all new equipment.

That was scary. If I'm the enemy, I don't want to hear that sound. But I said to our first lady, first lady, turn on the television, turn it on, darling, it's going to be a big evening. I would toast you, but I don't drink, darling. I just don't rank.

So we turn it on, and then date -- and they did a story on the weather, raining heavily in a certain area, then they did a story and something else, something else, something else, another story on something in a commercial that lasted nine minutes. They are not supposed to make money. They are using our free airwaves to make fake news.

Think about that. They are using our free airwaves. Think about that. We are thinking about that. Why are they using free airwaves to give fake news? It came to the end and I said, darling, I'm a little embarrassed.

But the following day, I got nominated for another one. I told her. I said, let's go home and turn on the television. They had another story, this time they are cleaning up, another one, another one, another one, the commercial, it never ended, got back, a tiny piece command they didn't cover two nobel prizes. I got two in one week.

And my only complaint was, I should have gotten seven or eight. Because if you knew some of the other things, some of the other things I have done much better. I should have gotten seven. But the fake news never even put it on.

And somebody else had a show and said, the amount of time devoted to donald trump's nobel peace prize, two of them, on the networks, zero. 0. And the image of time devoted to something else that was negative for somebody in the Republican party like infinite. It is so disgraceful.

They are so bad. But we just have to keep on winning. There is nothing like waiting.

Keep on winning. Keep on winning. [applause] see, they will tell that story differently. They want tell it as we do it in fun, if you can't laugh, you would be out of here fast.

Like beto when he said, I was born to run for president. He was on a magazine, fake magazine, vanity fair, it is dying. Those magazines are going down fast. But he was on a fake magazine, vanity fair I think, and he started saying he had a good week, good week, and he started saying, I was born, I was born to do this, was born to run for president. I said, he's not going to last long, and two weeks later it was over. He was put in charge of taking your guns away by biden, you know that, right?

They know. Beto. Where does the beto come from? Another phony deal there.

To protect American workers during the pandemic, I suspended the entry of foreign workers who threatened u.s. Jobs. And we will always care for our citizens first. [applause] biden's pledge to terminate these protections and to give away your jobs.

Under my administration, we have achieved of the most secure border in history, and we're just finishing that beautiful wall. That wall, 340 miles. We hundred 40. They don't talk about the wall. They don't talk about the wall.

I got sued by nancy pelosi, crazy nancy, I got sued. I made one big mistake on the wall. I said we have to build the wall, build the wall, built the wall. I should have said very simply, we will not build the wall. The money would have come pouring in.

[applause] they would have insisted that we build it. And walls work. Remember the sidewalls don't work?

Walls don't work. They want to give us drones so we can watch the people poor across the border. Drones. Put a drone a half-mile up in the air and you can watch everybody come into the United States.

Remember that? I say it all the time, when you are a brilliant scientist, you develop a new chip, a new laptop or computer, in about three weeks, it is obsolete read it is worthless. The wall will never be obsolete. What else won't be obsolete? A wheel.

Two things will never be obsolete, awol wall and a wheel. Everything else goes. No, we are up to 330 miles. We are averaging 10 miles a week.

It is everything the border patrol needs. I said, can you give me a less-expensive version, please? But we have a great ball going and it will be finished very soon, but the press doesn't talk about the wall anymore. They don't want to talk. It's not a good subject for them.

Since 2017, ice arrested half a million criminal aliens with illegal records, over 40,000 sex offenses and 5000 killers. I want to thank ice. Boy, they get beat up by the media. They are incredible. You would have, think of it, hundreds of thousands of people they take out of your. Real bad ones, murderers, killers, drug dealers.

By contrast, joe biden supports open borders, zero deportations, that is in the manifesto, and sanctuary cities that release violent criminal aliens. That is what they are. They protect the criminal, not our people. If you want to end sanctuary cities, you have only one choice and that is vote Republican.

You know how bad it is. All these places that you are reading about, all of them, they are all Democrat-run cities and states. All of them.

They are all Democrat-run, because they have no law & order. All they have to do is call us and we will be income of but they have no law & order. They have nothing. They are all Democrat run. They are a disaster.

We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in the u.s. Military and launched the first new branch of the armed forces in nearly 75 years, the Space Force. [applause] and that is going to be very important. I did more in 47 months than sleepy joe biden did in 47 years. It's true.

We killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al baghdadi. We took out the world's number-one terrorist and mass murder of troops and others, soleimani. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. They paid $150 billion for nothing.

They got nothing. I wouldn't mind the 150. They gave $1.8 billion in cash.

That would fill up this whole area. 1.8. Lane loads of cash. That is when I realized a President Is very powerful. When you can send that money to a foreign country and no friend, it's crazy. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.

[applause] you know who likes that the most? The evangelicals like it the most. The evangelicals love it.

We were just with franklin graham and a lot of big people, they had a very successful event. I don't know if you heard about it. It was great. Franklin graham. All the top evangelical and other leaders.

They were great. They were at the white House ceremony today with the justice. I also recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights. And instead of endless wars, we are forging peace all over the Middle East. And it is costing nothing, costing nothing.

We are not killing people. No blood in the sand. They are tired of fighting, by the way, just in case. Even people who like to fight, they are tired. 19 years in afghanistan, they are tired. They'll want to relax, as tough -- they all want to relax, as tough as they may be.

Joe biden opposed to the mission to take out osama bin laden, he opposed soleimani, he backed the disastrous Iran nuclear deal, a horror show, and hatred the rise of China as a positive development for the United States. Not so positive. Now, biden is pushing the most far-left platform in the history of our country. The biden plan would destroy social and protections for pre-existing conditions. They want to go socialized medicine. Socialized medicine.

Go to a hospital and take care of yourself. Get rid of 180 million private plans that people love. He would terminate our travel ban on jihadist regions and increase refugee admissions 700 percent, opening the floodgates to radical islamic terrorist.

He wants to ban school choice and then charter schools, terrible. In a second term, I will provide school choice to parent in America. A vote for Republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all americans read in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. [applause] we will make our medical supplies right here in the United States. [applause] we will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms.

Second amendment second amendment. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of these endless, ridiculous, stupid foreign wars and countries you've never even heard of. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and and short peace through strength. We rebuilt our military, $2.5 trillion, we have weapons, just to talk about them, the likes of which no country has ever seen before, the power, the strength, the incredible talent and engineering.

We have weapons the likes of which no country has ever seen before. We are so far advanced over every other country, and hope to God we never have to use them. And when I got here, we were a depleted, tired military with great people, but we were exhausted. We had old jet fighters, now we have brand-new f-35's that are stealth.

I asked the pilot, how good of these planes compared to the enemy? And he said, when difference, you can't see our planes. And I said, that helps, and he said, it really helps. The guy looked like tom cruise, but better. Tom cruise, but stronger.

We will end surprised medical billing, require price transparency and further reduce health insurance premiums on the cost of prescription drugs. We will strongly protect medicare and social security and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon in the United States will be the first nation to lend an astronaut on mars, very soon. And nasa has become the preeminent space center again, in the world.

It was tired. It was over. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education for our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, on a robber history, and always respect our great American flag. [applause] and we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust. Four years, you had a President To apologize for America.

Now, you have a President Who is standing up for America and standing up for the people of pennsylvania. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your coworkers, and get out and vote. Most important election we have ever had. The most important we have ever had. Early voting has begun, so don't wait, go it on vote. From erie to easton, pittsburgh to harrisburg, and from allentown to middletown, we stand on the shoulders of the American patriots who gave blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation.

This is an incredible place come all the history, so much history in pennsylvania. This is the state where our founding fathers declared American independence. It is where the army weathered its brutal winter at valley forge, where General George washington led his men on a gary mission across the delaware, and where are -- on a daring mission across the delaware, and where our union was saved by the heroes of gettysburg. Tough, strong pennsylvania workers mind the call, worked the railroads and forged the steel that made America into the greatest, most powerful nation in the history of the world.

[applause] and you haven't seen anything yet. [crowd cheering] proud citizens like you helped hold this country and together, we are taking back our country, we are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, we are going to keep on working.

We are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning/ . We are when movement, when people, when family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, with the incredible people of pennsylvania, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again.

We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, very much.

Thank you, pennsylvania. Go out and vote.