ID: CSPANDT23202041
Title: President Trump Rally in Charlotte, North Carolina
Date: 2020-03-02

unfortunately we are out of time but I want to thank our panelists, but khary paul brad and alice, I am rob asset. Reminding you to find out where the candidates stand, to support the pro israeli candidates of your choice, and to get out there and vote this november. Thank you. (applause) (music) (music) (music) thank you good morning. I can't hear you good morning. I cannot tell you how glad I am to be here at a pack.

(applause). I don't think I have ever talk to his bigger crowd, certainly not one that I respect as much as this one so thank you all for doing this. (applause) now israel is small but we know is resilient and surrounded by adversaries, and if you cut the last couple of presidential debates you know I can empathize. (applause). Let me thank friedman for inviting me to join all of you today. And I particularly want to congratulate the new President Betsy bird scorn and wish her well as she begins to one of the easiest jobs in washington.

Betsy I don't know whether congratulations or you can go to and condolences are in order but good luck. Let me also say to all the new yorkers in the room. I just hope all of you voted correctly for the mayor all candidate back in 2001 and 2005 and 2009. If you didn't you will have a chance to atone in 2020. I want to thank all of you for being here especially the young people in this room. More than 4000 students from all over the country.

America needs your voices more than ever, and your presence here, and the pro israel identity that you proudly bring to your classrooms and campuses give me hope. Because at a time when some try to make's strong supporters of israel feel unwelcome and social justice conversations, your refusal to be intimidated, reminds us of the courage, and integrity that we need and our political discourse. Do not stop. I could not be more proud are grateful and to be here with you at aipac. It is one of the great things in my life.

Thank you for what you do. It ain't easy just do it. Now the work that all of you are doing to support israel is very personal to me.

Growing up my mother was our temple President And kept a kosher House, but my parents taught me that you days and it's much more than our rituals. It is also about living our values. For my parents generation that meant realizing the dream of the jewish holy land, and for us it is about reviewing the miracle that is now the modern state of israel. (applause) now my mother and father never had the means to visit israel when I was a child, but I have been lucky enough to travel there many times.

More than once is an adult. I went with my late mother to see the blood center news rail, that we named after my father. (applause) and the hadas a hospital wing that we named after my mother. (applause) and in 2014, when the faa banned American carriers from flying during operation protective edge, I traveled to israel on lol.

We're taking you >> we're taking you live now to charlotte carolina with President Trump on the eve of super tuesday holding the campaign rally. Live coverage of the President Here on c-span. (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (music) (applause) usa usa I want to thank you north carolina want to thank you very much.

(applause) I am thrilled to be back in the great city of charlotte. (applause) were by the way we are having our convention, I guess you heard that right? Where thousands of hardworking American patriots who love our country shares our values, respect our laws, and always put America first. (applause) few eight months from now, we are going to defeat the radical socialists. We are going to win the great state of north carolina and alliance at landslide.

We want it we went last time, we will win this time. And you know, eric and laura named their daughter. You know what her name is?

Carolina. Her lame is caroline for reason. This is an incredible time for our nation. Our country is stronger than ever before. (applause) and today we just had the largest one day increase in the stock market in history.

(applause) that's great. Our opponents were saying oh maybe the economy maybe maybe they'll do anything. I am sure they were thrilled. Do you think our opponents were thrilled when they saw the stock market? I don't think so. By the way look at this.

Look back there. Look at all of that press. I don't know sleepy joe or bernie had that much press. Bernie was going wild. Why would I be here tonight?

Why would I be here? He said why would I be here tonight? We don't have the primary. We've already won the thing you know.

I was going to say there you know what thing but I held it back because they'll say horrible language they will use horrible language. But we are doing fantastically. There has never been a time where the Republican party were so unified as it is now. (applause) never ever. You know you hear about enthusiasm for crazy bernie and that is true he does have some enthusiasm but much less than we have and a much smaller group of people to. There is not a lot of enthusiasm there is not a lot of enthusiasm for biden.

I thought he gave up the presidency because he said he's running for the Senate. I looked at the first lady and said hey he's running for the Senate. And today he just said, super thursday, he is looking for to super thursday.

Jobs are booming in our country. In comes the soaring. Poverty is plummeted. Confidence is surging and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of a thing called the United States military. (applause) and every day for me and for you it's promises made, promises kept.

Every day. (applause) one of the most important promises I've made, is right to this era, we look at it, it's the never ending wars in the Middle East, we are taking our soldiers. We are bringing them back home.

We are not law enforcement. We are bringing them back home. American troops cannot be the policeman for the world, or to create democracy and other nations and frankly probably don't want it.

The top of the American military is to secure and defend our country. (applause) ... Two dates ago the United States signed a deal with the taliban after 19 years of conflict and very close to 20.

We can finally begin to bring our amazing troops back home. (applause) after years of rebuilding foreign nations, we are finally building our nation and taking care of our own American citizens. And all of the things that we have done, we've wiped out terrorism, we have done so much.

And you know what? We are 8000 miles away. You got a lot of big countries surrounding afghanistan. You have afghanistan itself. The progress there was made, was made possible by the extraordinary ballor of our men and our women in uniform. You know that.

And we pay a special tribute and I know you pay it. A special tribute to our great wounded warriors and those who made the ultimate sacrifice. (applause) as we bring back our troops we are committed to ensure that foreign terrorists are denied admission to America and the first place. They are not coming here, and if they do bad things happen to them.

We must keep radical islamic terrorist the hell out of our country. By the way I have to say this. You have thousands and thousands of people outside, and somebody was saying that if pocahontas or anyone of them, sleepy joe, he doesn't have that, but if sleepy joe or if any of them had a crowd one tenth of the size, they go around talking about how big the crowd is.

Take your cameras and spin that spin them around this big arena. (applause) (noise) (applause) they don't turn him they don't turn them. You notice they don't turn. Them but if there was trouble in the corner, anything to make us look bad, that camera would turn like a pretzel. I used to think modern equipment can't turn, but we would have a protester and I must say I'll say it out loud, we don't have too many protesters anymore do we?

We don't have too many. (applause) no fun to be a protester at a trump rally. But do we have a great time at a trump rally? (applause) my administration has also taken the most aggressive action in modern history. To protect americans from the corona virus. You know about this whole thing.

It's horrible. Including sweeping travel restrictions. Today we met with the big great pharmaceutical companies, and they are really working hard and working smart, and we had a great meeting today with a lot of the great companies they have they will have vaccines relatively soon. They're going to have something that makes you better and that will actually take place even sooner, so a lot of good things are happening.

But we have strong borders and really our tough and early actions have really been proven to be 100% right. We went out. We are doing everything to keep in our power to keep the sick and infected people from coming into our country. We are working very hard. We closed our borders very early.

I took a lot of heat for that. Remember when I closed the borders to certain areas of the world? I took a lot of heat, but there are globalists who would rather keep our borders open and keep our infections, think of it, think of all the infections that would come in. We are working with other countries and alternate fairness. We are working with other countries. Remember this.

Over the last long period of time, the flu, from 27,000 to 70,000 people get infected, and many people die. Think of it. 27,000. You lose 27,000 people to the common flu. It can be much more. When year was much higher than the 70,000 number.

Those people die. So when you lose 27,000 people a year, nobody knew that. I did not know. That three four weeks ago I was sitting down I said when we lose with the regular flu? They said 20,000 minimum and goes up to 70 sometimes even 80.

When year it went up to 100,000 people. I said nobody told me that nobody knows that. So I told the pharmaceutical companies you have to do a better job with that vaccine.

Really. You have to do a better job on that vaccine. (applause) last year was approximately 36,000 people died. We are working hard on it and we are going to come up with some really great solutions. In the meantime, we are stopping. (applause) only in north carolina.

Only in north carolina. How many people here are from south carolina by the way? (applause) ... Will we have both places but that was from north carolina.

(applause) but just to finish up. We made a lot of progress, we really done a great job with it. We are keeping our border strong. My job is to protect the health of American patients and americans first. And that is what we're doing. Washington Democrat are trying to politicize the coronavirus.

Denigrating the noble work of our public health professionals, but honestly not so much anymore. Everyone appreciates them. These are the greatest professionals in the world at what they do. We are actually helping a lot of other countries where they have some very very big problems.

We have our professionals in constant touch. I am in constant touch with some of the leaders and helping them out, but the political attacks of some of the Democrat really must start. We have got to work together on this one to safeguard our people. We will safeguard our people.

The United States. (applause) the United States is, right now, ranked by far, number one in the world for preparedness. Earlier today when I met with the pharmaceutical companies, things were discussed and learned.

Honestly, the media did not know, nobody knew, they had never heard this before, and we learned a lot, and maybe that had the impact of the stock market. Who knows what happened? But we are going to reduce the severity of what is happening, the duration of the virus. We discussed all of these things.

We will bring these therapies to mark it as rapidly as possible, and I have to say, with a thriving economy, the way it is, and the most advanced health system on earth, America is so resultant. We know what we are doing. We have the greatest people on earth. We have the greatest health system on earth. (applause) we have the greatest health system on earth. The renewal of American strength over the last three years means our times of challenge.

We are the best prepared to rise to any occasion. No country is better equipped than America to handle new threats, and know people are more skilled, talented, tough, or driven, then americans. (applause) and together, we are in the midst of the great American comeback. That is what it is.

Last month, we added 225,000 new jobs in january alone. That makes 7 million jobs since the election. (applause) we have destroyed the ISIS territory and we kill the founder and leader of ISIS al-baghdadi he is dead.

(applause) and we took out the world qassem soleimani, ending his evil reign of terror forever. Soleimani. While the extreme left has been wasting America's time with file hoaxes and delusional witch hunts, we have been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, and lifting up American citizens of every race, religion, color, and creek. (applause) tomorrow, voters in states across the nation will head to the polls for super tuesday, not super thursday.

Oh he said super thursday. You can't do these things. Can you imagine if I said super thursday? It would be over. I would be over.

No matter how good you are at certain things you can't as an example name like, sleepy joe. He is constantly naming the wrong states. It's great to be in the state of a high oh.

No I'm sorry you are in the state of north carolina. No no. Joe. Did you ever see him run in with a sign, no no north carolina joe. Once that happens you might as well leave the states it's a disaster no matter how good it looks.

We're north carolina, it's great to be in idaho. No you are in iowa. Now, he makes a lot of those mistakes.

It's a little scary. You have to protect your second amendments to see guns. (applause) but did you see sleepy joe?

Did you see sleepy joe where he said, last year 150 million people were killed by guns and our country. 150 million. That means 50% of our country. That's a big story man. Could you imagine trump saying that?

These people would never let me live. We can't make a little mistake right? We can't even make a little tiny tiny mistake. If we make a tiny mistake it's headline news. They say things like 150 million people killed, guns. They say super thursday.

They say georgia. He is looking forward to winning georgia tomorrow. Georgia is not in super tuesday. So many mistakes.

You cannot do that when you are negotiating with China. You cannot do that when you are negotiating with these countries, you cannot do that. (applause) those mistakes would be very expensive. Then you have many mike. You see this guy?

Many mike. He's being interview tonight on fox, can you believe it? Fox. They want to be politically correct. They end up interviewing more Democrat and Republican I don't know what's going on with fox.

But they are interviewing this guy the night before. Many mike iaea what a mess he is. In the history of presidential debates the worst performance. I would get down really low but I don't want to copy everybody. Everyone says oh, do that again where you get down low, but if I do that again, it is a copy.

It is a copy. (applause). No. No. No. He never liked a copy.

Even though you are copying yourself you don't like to copy. You do it once. It was a big hit, but you do it once and you say that was nice, don't do it again. If it doesn't work the second time it gets embarrassing right?

We all know. But now he is a disaster waiting to happen. He is a mess. No matter which Democrat candidate you are talking about and you understand that any one of these candidates, and you see what's happening right? They are all now, it's being rigged against, it's sad, it is being rigged against crazy bernie.

Crazy bernie is going to go crazy. Crazy. I think crazy bernie is going to be more crazy when they see what there when he sees what they are doing. I called it a long time ago.

Mayor pete buttigieg. Mayor pete, he quit out last night, and then I hear, then I hear Senator Former state say we're gonna win we're going to win that state but she trumped up. Sounds like they made a deal. They both supported sleepy joe and you know why? They made a deal. You know why?

Quid pro crow, that is why. Quid pro quo. (applause) quid pro quo, they made a deal. Impeach them, they should be impeached. They should be impeached.

(applause) quid pro crow. But they have embrace an extreme left wing agenda. They plan their plans would massively raise your taxes muzzle faith and erase our sovereignty. The Democrat party has gone crazy. Whether it's bernie sanders's plan, to illuminate private health care. Elizabeth pocahontas is, by the way she's history.

She is history. I came up with that name far too early, I should have just waited. It didn't matter, I thought she was making a comeback.

I said I just did it to her. But you know those embers were burning a little bit a couple months ago. And factual probably lose the state of massachusetts to bernie.

She doesn't know what to do because you're not supposed to lose the state of massachusetts. She is the Senator For massachusetts. I think she will lose it to bernie. And this michigan, you see what is going on over there? Michigan were leading and wisconsin, we are leading in florida, we are leading in south carolina, we are leading in north carolina.

(applause) we are leading in new hampshire. We are leading in the great state of florida that was one of the first states our last election, hey how great was the 2016 election? Right? (applause) one of the greatest nights, one of the most highest rated television nights and the history of television, and remember they were like oh this is going to be a quick one that was and so easy for them. Oh I love the scene. The scene of their convention center, where hillary was getting ready to speak and then she found out she lost.

(applause) but elizabeth warren she had a plan to eliminate our borders. Or many mics plan to eliminate your second amendment. Mike bloomberg wants to eliminate your second amendment.

Don't worry about it it won't happen. It won't happen for him. For sleepy joe, he does not even know where he is or what he is doing.

Or wet office he is running for. Actually, I honestly don't think what office I don't think he knows what office he's running for. And it doesn't matter, maybe he gets and because he is a little more moderate, maybe he gets it, but he won't be running it other people will. They will put him into a home and other people will be running the country, and they will be super left radical crazy's. They will be super left radical crazy's angela will be in a home watching television.

Everything will be just fine. The insanity of washington Democrat is why millions of registered Democrat voters are joining our movement. They our joining our great Republican party. (applause) (applause) turn those televisions we had this enthusiasm in our party. I constantly hear about the enthusiasm.

They are fighting each other, they are hating each other they do not know what's going on. We have all the 11th uzi out some and we know what we are doing. We know what we are doing. (applause) so we are thrilled to be joined tonight by many really great terrific brilliant wonderful warriors. Even though it comes from a slightly different state but not too far by, is somebody that has really distinguished himself and become a great friend of mine. What he did for justice kavanaugh, do you remember that?

One of the greatest statements ever made in the United States, Senator Lindsey graham come on up. (applause) lindsey graham, come on up. (applause) come here lindsay.

I gotta have him say something. Hello charlotte. (applause) it's good to be in a place where I don't have an access. Mister president, thank you for being the best commander in chief since ronald reagan.

(applause) thank you for killing the terrorists over there so they cannot hurt us over here. Thank you for sticking with judge kavanaugh. Mister president, everybody in this room has one thing in common. We all have your back. (applause) mister president, you are going to kick their butts in november.

Great guy. Great gentleman. Now some warriors that really defended us with the impeachment hoax, one of the greatest hoax in the history of our country. Representative, virginia fox.

Patrick mchenry, richard hudson, mark meadows (applause) david rows or. Ted bun. They are warriors. These guys are unbelievable, the way they fight. I came here, and they probably weren't scheduled to win.

And fake news cnn world said, they wanted a couple of losses. , and they handle pressure so well. We gave a rally that was like this and they came.

And then bishop and greg murphy won by so much it was not even close. And they are great people and they have and they have done a fantastic job thank you so much. They handle pressure. They were under a lot of pressure and they handled it well. It is nice to know people can handle pressure, there are not too many of. Them north carolina, Republican party chairman michael widely.

Thank you michael. And a few great friends of mine. They love carolina lewis to joy who you know, lewis joy.

Two great people, diamond and silk right? (applause) where are they? We love them. Okay we've got to win another election.

And I saw many mic on fox. Mini. Many. President trump is this high. You have got to be this high to rise. Now while the media continue to play the race card, we will continue to play the trump card so we can win, win, and win.

(applause) (applause) you know the first lady, a long time ago now? How long is that probably almost five years ago. She said these two women on the internet.

They are unbelievable. I said oh I know I hear that all the time. I hear it all the time. She said no. The next day she said you know, I saw the mcgahn they are unbelievable. I said let me see.

I saw them, I fell in love with them, and everyone fell in love with diamonds and silk. So thank you. Some people that have really been helpful to me, tory lewandowski, david bossy, and pam bondi, great people. (applause) and thanks also to all of the people who are working to make the 2020 Republican national convention right here in charlotte, an outstanding success. Our chairman ronna mcdaniel, rnc cochairman tommy hicks, and congressional President Martially kelly.

Thank you everybody. (applause) they are doing a great job. They have got to spend a lot of money and doing a great job. Doesn't matter if you're doing a great job earn a catch of as long as you win.

Do you know what I did when we won last time? Somebody else took the convention center and spent a fortune. I just took a hotel ballroom and said with the heck, if I win nobody cares, and if I don't, look if you win nobody cares what room you are in.

If you lose, nobody cares what room you erin wray? So we took a ballroom, a nice ballroom no big deal. I figured, this way if we win, nobody cares, and if we lose, I am out of there and I save a heck of a lot of money.

But I never thought we were going to lose, trump felt that he was not going to win. Sure I'm running because I thought I was going to lose. That is not the deal.

It is always possible if you don't win, but boy I thought we were going to win and we were getting crowds like. This actually, to be honest, I think our crowds now are bigger, stronger, and even more enthusiastic. (applause) I really think they are more enthusiastic than ever before. We are eight months away, that is a long time.

It's not even and, case you haven't heard we've guided made in the primaries. I think we have got it made. But, you know, we are for us we're not even into political season and we are getting crowds like this. We were all over over the last couple of weeks.

We like to troll, we like to go the night before one of their primaries, and we do a little trolling. It's called we do a little trolling. Bernie sanders was very upset. Why would he be there? Why? Because I want to win.

That's a good reason. But honestly, what you see when your two months or three months out, we are getting numbers that are unbelievable. Colorado, we went to iowa, every place we've gone, you hampshire, every place we've gone just came out of south carolina, so that was an incredible one. (applause) every place, every place that we have gone it has been amazing. I would also like to recognize a woman who has really helped us when north carolina and 2016, I have a feeling this year she will do even better because she happened to grow up here.

Laura trump. And my son, eric trump. (applause) two great people.

I have to say that about my son, I know a lot of people don't like their sons that much. But laura has been fantastic she knows the state better than anybody in this room except maybe that guy right there. How are we doing laura? How are we doing?

How are we doing in the state, are we doing well? (applause) and we are doing well in pennsylvania here, right? And south carolina, I know we are doing great there.

Also with us tonight, it is a man who has really become a good friend of mine. We were going at it a little bit at the beginning, but I will tell you, and I would say if I did not get along I would not be here I wouldn't do this. He has been a tremendous supporter, and things that we've wanted to do, and fights that we've had which were so important, he has been right up and lindsay will tell you he has been right up in front.

He deserves another six year term, and probably a lot longer than that. But he will come up and I'm going to ask Senator Tom callous to come up. (applause) tom has really been incredible he has been working every day. He really wants to fight the radical left and he knows how to how to fight. Take care of our amazing veterans, stop illegal immigration. Tom is a champion.

For the people of north carolina, this november we need everybody to go and vote for tom, he is doing great. He is doing great. I hear he is way up in the polls. He is way up in the polls.

Tom's a few words. Thank you mister president. Thank you all again for being here. Thank you for supporting our president. Make sure that I come back for another six years and we can come back for four more years.

(applause) let me tell you about this president. I think it is very important, since before this President Was ever sworn in sworn in they triton impeached and video or back down? No.

When the media goes out and spread false news or fake news, does he backed down? No when he makes a promise does he keep it? When he told you we would cut taxes did he do it?

When he told you he would support veterans that he do it? When he told you that we would refund the military and become the world superpower did he do it? When he told you that he was going to confirm supreme court justices and district court justices did he do it? Yeah.

Ladies and gentlemen, you have got to start choice it starts tomorrow we are both on the ballot you have to vote for us so we can do it again. Let me tell you again, we cannot forget what they are promising you on the other. Site bernie sanders is so liberal he does not even call himself a Democrat. He calls himself a socialist.

This President Went to the state of the union and he said America will never be a socialist country. That is another promise he has got to keep. Now finally ladies and gentlemen, I want to thank the President For coming back and I can't wait to look at him in august for the rnc convention. Mister president, it was one thing that you said back in the campaign of 2016.

I just don't believe that's happened. Have you gotten tired of winning? Do you want to win some more? Then you have this to get this man re-elected so that we can get with this country deserves.

Free bargains, breach rains free, traits freedom of religion, freedom of speech and freedom for you to protect yourself and your right to bear arms. That is the freedom that this man represents. That is the freedom I represent get him elected for four more years. Wow. Wow. That's pretty good.

That's pretty good time. A lot of times we get people up and they just cannot do it. They start breathing that, they cannot breathe, help me. Like bloomberg. He goes all.

Did you see the debate? Oh. She came after him she's been she's very mean. She came after him and he started choking. Oh oh get me off the stage you guys did not tell me this was going to happen.

No that was great tom. We're also honor to be joined together by a true American hero, a veteran of world war ii, and the Korean war who just turned 100 years old. (applause) his name is george washington parrot. George thank you very much for being here.

Thank you george. 100 years old. (applause) he's 100 and he looks good thank you george.

With the help of everyone here tonight, America has now become the hottest economy anywhere on the planet earth. Since my election, over 219,000 new jobs have been created right here in north carolina. (applause) we have lifted 10 million people off of welfare, including 7 million people off of food stamps. (applause) (applause) median household income has reached the highest level ever ever recorded. Think of that.

The average unemployment rate from my administration is the lowest for any u.s. President in recorded history. That is that big. It is that big. The unemployment rate among african americans hispanic americans, asian americans have reached the lowest level in recorded history.

(applause) very important to me. African American, youth unemployment has reached an all-time low. African American poverty is at the lowest rate ever recorded.

For decades, Democrat politicians betrayed and they truly did. They betrayed african americans. My administration is delivering for african americans, like never before.

No President Has done more for our black community. No President Has done more for our black community, and it is an honor to do it. Last month here in charlotte, we launched a nationwide campaign to create a better future for all americans. It is called opportunity now. You know about it.

We are also fighting to ensure that working families have access to paid family leave, reducing the cost of childcare and giving 40 million American families an average of 2200 dollars thanks to the Republican child tax credit. (applause) the Republican are claiming that we did that. Nobody else did that. But the Democrat are saying how did they do that one? We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies that the sun made it manufacturing in north carolina.

You know all about it. It is probably the number one reason I'm running. The deals we are making, the trade deals who are making are unbelievable. Your state lost 43% of all manufacturing shops, after nafta was signed.

Think about that. Weeks ago, we finally ended the nafta catastrophe and I signed the brand new u.s. Mexico canada agreement in the world. The usmca is a giant victory for north carolina. And credible for farmers and factory workers.

By the way speaking of farmers and factory warner's factory workers and small businesses, for the death tax. You know the inheritance tax? You have a small farm someplace you have a small business, you have a nice business. You know longer have an inheritance tax or a death tax so if you want it to you or leave it to your children you can leave it to your children. There is no tax to be paid by your children.

So they do not have to go back to the evil bank and more money from the banker, lose the farm, lose the business. It won't happen. And I always say, I know a lot of parents, they don't love their children very much. Is there anybody in this room that does not love your children? Please raise your hand. Please raise your hand.

Nobody. Nobody, that is because we are north carolina. You love your children. But if you don't, then it doesn't matter, because if you don't love your children don't leave them a thing ok? But you don't you do not have the inheritance tax anymore which is great.

A lot of people don't know that but it is a big deal. Washington Democrat more thoroughly betrayed the American people then on the issue of immigration. Every Democrat running for Democrat supports free federal welfare for illegal aliens on your taxes. Not only does illegal immigration during our treasury, but it threatens innocent lives, as a just one heartbreaking example, two illegal aliens in maryland that had been previously charged with attempted murder was released unaccountable released and went on to murder a teenage girl, beating her with a baseball bat and slashing her with a machete.

The entire democratic field supports deadly sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminals to terrorize your communities, right here in north carolina, believe it or not the sanctuary county of durham released an illegal alien criminal, who then proceeded to viciously murder a young 19-year-old woman last year, you know all about that, killing her and dumping her body into the woods. Last year alone, sanctuary jurisdictions in north carolina, how did that happen to north carolina? Deliberately set free hundreds and hundreds, and these are really dangerous criminal aliens including those charged or convicted of burglary, gun crimes, sexual assault, kidnapping and even murder got to change this. And will ban sanctuary cities in your state, what is he thinking? But while you are super level governor is putting your families at risk, your Republican Senator Tom tillis has introduced a bill allowing American victims to sue sanctuary cities for the horrible pain, anguish, and suffering that inflict on our people we're building the wall, we're building the ball, we're building the ball, we're building the wall!

Mexico is paying for the wall, by the way. We built 127 miles as of today, 127 miles. And mexico is paying for the wall. The media is going to be thrilled when I explain. Because finally they say I've had obstruction like you won't believe it, the entire democratic party. I can get anything, I created Space Force, I can do anything.

But lindsay and tom tillis know this, mark knows, this all of them know this, if I want to ten cents for the wall they didn't want to get it. They didn't want to do it, but now we have it and you think that is easy? Nobody should have done this, we are building our hearts away, we will soon be building many miles a week, but we're up to over 125, 127 miles of the super wall. I want to border patrol and said what is your wish, well it's likely to be steel and concrete.

They wanted exactly what they have, and the barriers up top one everything, it's called a no climb provider, no climb provides, or I said what is the word provides or maine and they didn't even know. I mean you're not able to climb over, it's very tough. And a part of the wall a couple of weeks ago they were planning a wall and the fire department has to take them, down that is what the no climb is. That's a no crime, and what a voice.

We are building the wall, it's going great, so they said he's building the wall, but mexico's not paying for it. You will see. You will see. Some of you understand because I told a few people last week and it was leaked to the fake news media, if you want to and sanctuary cities in north carolina, then you have only one choice, you must vote Republican. You have to.

You have to. Things to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal boarding crossings by a staggering 75%. We have ended catch and release, one of the worst loopholes you ever will see, catch and release, you catch and you say where do you live?

They don't know, because let's face it, they don't know, and I understand that,. And mexico, maybe honduras, guatemala, who knows, el salvador where, do you live? This guy is a mexican, you are about as mexican as I am. Look at this guy, he's as mexican as I am, look at that hat.

Are you mexican? Are you mexican? No, you are not. Are you? He is. It's like elizabeth warren, she said she was an indian, I said right.

I said I have more indian blood in me then you have and I have not, and she said this is terrible, that she went out and got a test, and it turned out not so good for her. 1024th. 1000th. So I thought I have more and me.

What a phony she is. What a phony. Washington Democrat have never been more extreme, 100 congressional Democrat have signed up for bernie sanders health care takeover and the washington Democrat try to destroy your health care and your social security, and they are going to destroy your social security. Remember they used to say with me, I'm going to end the first time, and all of that has made it stronger, you know that. My administration is protecting you, social security, your medicare fan deciding to give you great health care, who are going to have great health care. We are defending your right to keep the doctor and a plan of your choice.

Remember President Obama? You can keep your doctor and your plan. 28 times they said impeach him, you should impeach him, we should impeach him. 20 times he said that you should keep your doctor, you can keep your plan, well it's not true. There wasn't. Impeach him.

We are making health care better and much cheaper premiums doubled in the last five years before I took office. We are now up to 60% less expensive and they are better plans. We are protecting people with pre-existing conditions and we always well. We are trying to terminate the supreme court of the United States, the worse health care in the world and we are trying to give you the best health care you've ever seen at a lower price, and of course, protecting pre-existing conditions. Protecting pre-existing conditions.

We're fighting to stop surprise medical billing. You know what that is? Surprise, you get all sorts of surprises. People take a blood test and in one place is 26 dollars, and in the other place it's 2000 dollars. Same blood test, maybe the cheap one is better, who knows.

Same blood tests, it's wrong. Surprise, medical building. I signed an executive order imposing price transparency, that is going to be bigger than health care because when providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very fast, it's a big thing. That's a big thing. We have approved a record number of affordable drugs that are as good as name brand drugs but a fraction of the cost. We have given them, and there's a lot of political pressure not to do that, you can understand why.

To care for our amazing veterans, we passed va choice and va accountability, and nobody said it could be done. So instead of waiting online for days and days and weeks and weeks to see a doctor, you go outside, you get a doctor, you get all fixed up, what a great thing. It's called me a choice. He's been trying to pass it for almost 50 years and they have not been able.

And those people were a great help, we have passed a spectacular right to try, you know that is? Hopefully nobody needs it. Hopefully nobody in the room needs white to try, we are combatting the opioid academic, declining for the first time in nearly 31 years. Big problem.

And we have launched new initiatives combatting getting disease and alzheimer's. And we are pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for America's youngest patience, and breaking all records in so doing. Fortunately every Democrat candidate has declared their unlimited support for late term abortion, ripping baby straight from the mother's womb, right up until the very moment of birth. How about that? That is why I have asked Congress to prohibit late term abortions up a piece because Republican believe that every child is a sacred gift of God.

Then you have the governor of virginia, the baby is born the baby is born youth are talking about the mother about if you execute the baby, this is the governor of virginia. The governor of virginia, he is a beauty, remember what he did? He wanted to dance like michael jackson and his wife stopped him, he got lucky. But the governor of virginia wanted to do the baby is born and then he goes over and talks to the mother and you make a decision about whether or not the baby live. Have you ever heard anything like that? The Democrat party is the party of late term abortions, open borders, socialism, blatant corruption and the obliteration of the second amendment.

The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream and the late great abraham lincoln. So many people came up to me today, and they want me to fight and we are doing it for school choice so that every child who needs it gets it with no parent ever forcing to send their child to a failing government cool. I pass criminal justice reform, alice johnson, and this could not have been done by anyone other than the Republican party. I recognize israel's true capital and open the American capital in Jerusalem. We recognize the sovereignty over the golan heights, our historic investments in the United States military, include 200 million dollars to a place that nobody has heard of in this audience, I'm sure.

Fort bragg. 300 million dollars for a marine corpsb point. More than 500 million dollars for an air station new river, and listen to this one. They're not going to spend money, more than 1.2 billion dollars for camp lesson. And I know what it means, we have to have a strong military, we have the strongest military we've ever had. Our military and 1.2 million dollars went into.

What you want to see our politicians, and you want a President Standing up for America, and we're standing up for the people of north carolina and always well. As taken our present battle with the actual survival of our nation itself. If you want your children to inherit that blessings of generations of americans who fought and died to secure, and you know what they're securing us, our freedom, we are devoting everything we have towards victory in november, november 3rd, to be exact. I we have to drain the washington swamp which is much more vicious and dirtier and deeper than I ever thought but we are kicking. With your health, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, and poverty to prosperity, together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration.

Round we will reelect come tell us. We're not going to be so angry at you, I only come back a few time of the year. Tom is going to be great, I think they're a great champ. I think you're in great shape.

One more hand for tom tell us, please. We don't even know who's running. We want to enact new trade deals that resulted in new products that are stamped with that beautiful phrase, made in the usa. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, and ending the aids epidemic in less than nine years, we've already started. Who would've thought.

We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms.