ID: CSPANDT89202056
Title: President Trump Campaign Event in Winston-Salem, North Carolina
Date: 2020-09-08

thank you very much. It's a great honor to be in north carolina. We had great, great luck, and great people backing us in north carolina. And I'm thrilled to be in winston salem with thousands of hard-working americans who are great people. I don't know how many people here, but there's a lot.

We said let's keep it down. They didn't too good a job, but that's good. No, these crowds. It's beyond what we had in terms of enthusiastic -- enthusiasm. We are breaking that record by a lot. This is the most important election we have ever had.

56 days from now we are going to win north carolina. We are going to win four more years in the white House. This is a choice, and I must say this is a choice for many, many decades I don't think you have had a bigger difference and maybe you have never had a bigger difference. This is the American dream and the ore is I don't want to say it because I will get myself in trouble with the fake news back there. But the other is a basic disaster for our country. Joe biden devoted his career to offshoring new jobs, throwing open your borders and dragging us into endless foreign wars and surrendering our children's future to countries like China.

Remember this. Very simple to remember. If biden wins, China wins. It's as simple as that. So you have a situation where we built the greatest economy in the history of the world. We were forced to close it because of the China playing -- China plague that came in.

And now we have opened it, and by the way, your state should be open. Your state should be open. You ought to vote for dan forest. Any governor that does that and even if you look statistically, it's you. It's michigan.

A couple others are closed. New york, look what they are doing to new york, our beautiful new york. Oh, it's so sad, but you just take a look at what's going on in north carolina. They want to open. They want to open and in michigan so badly. They want to open.

They want to have football and want to have schools open, and it's a shame what's going on, and I tell you what, on november 4, every one of those states will be open. They are doing it for political reasons. No. They are doing it by -- for political reasons. They think by keeping all these people who work in shop stores and buildings and offices they think by keeping them and hurting them you are hurting our economy. Our economy is doing phenomenally well.

It's not only in a v. It's a super v. You saw what happened. We had a jobs number come out, 1.4 million and down to 8.4%.

Nobody thought that. 8.4%. So we had the greatest economy. We closed it up, and now we are opening it up. And we will have a great third quarter.

It's going to be announced, by the way just before the election. We are going to have a great third quarter. We have unbelievable retail numbers. This is that super v. But next year is going to be one of the greatest years in the history of our country, economically. [applause] unless the wrong person gets in and quadruples everybody's taxes, in which case you will see a depression the likes of which you have never seen and if biden wins, the violent mobs.

You see these 1r89 mobs. They are biden people and democratic states. If they win, the mobs win. You see these guys saying I want this meal. A woman sitting there. She wants to eat and they come and grab her food.

They grab her drink. Nobody's ever seen stuff like this. This is all that ideology.

We are not going to let it happen. We are not going to let it happen. In portland, you see what happened last night? They arrested over 50 people.

We said dothe u.s. Marshals did go in to take care about that one guy who killed somebody. You saw that. He killed a young man in the middle of the street violently. He had other charges against him.

I've put out, when is he going to be arrested? They went in about 15 minutes later. I'll tell you what, our federal government is so ready to go.

All they have to do is call us. It will all be solved quickly. They have to call us. All of these places, Democrat run places, radical left run places. They don't know what the hell.

If biden wins, the anarchists. Items that if I win, that does not mean it will stop. If they win, it won't happen, hopefully.

This is not like a second-place crowd. But space it. Are you seeing all the poll numbers coming out? Finally he left his basement and said, we've got problems.

I don't think he knows that, but the people that manage him knows it. He doesn't. I am running for reelection to keep jobs at home, to put violent criminals behind bars.

It belongs to America, not China and other countries. Because if we win, America wins. You know that. You've seen that.

Over the last three and a half years we have secured America's borders, fix our broken trade deals, and they were broken like you've never seen. They were not even broken. They were bad. They were about from day one. Rebuilt the awesome power of the United States military. Obliterated the ISIS caliphate 100%.

I got it down to 98%. Remember, a year and a half ago. I got it down to 98. They said no, it has to be 100.

Somebody else could finish, we want to get home. We took another two months, we finished it, and we are bringing them home. Great, great warriors. People don't like it when I say that. Secured American energy independence and build the greatest economy in the history of the world.

Now we are doing it again. We are on track to have, as I said, the best year we've ever had next year. You just had the best year in the history of your state last year. We've created a record-breaking 10.6 billion jobs in the last four months.

Next year will be the single greatest economic year in the history of our country, and probably in the history of your state if your governor ever hope and set. Hopefully we'll have dan forest -- hopefully you will have dan forest. If sleepy joe biden takes power, the economy will collapse. You won't even know the difference.

No we are. What's that? Joe biden has spent 47 years shipping north carolina jobs to China and other countries.

You know that. I spent the last four years bringing jobs back to our country. We've never had so many jobs. We are up to 160 million jobs.

We were never anywhere close. We got up to 160 million and we were never anywhere close to that. Here in north carolina, voting is already underway. On november 3 americans will decide whether we will quickly returned to record prosperity, or whether we allow the same left wing extremists that have no idea what they are doing, to burn down buildings, take control of governments, set control -- set fire to a whole country. When they started knocking down the documents and statues, I signed an executive order.

If you want to knock them down, that's fine, but you go to jail for 10 years. It was amazing how that stop. Then they said, we will do it easily. We will do it through the process. They don't want to spend 10 years. They look at it and say, not worth it.

10 years is too much. But the d.c. Committee, did you see about that, they want to change the name of the washington monument, they want to get rid of the lincoln monument, jefferson monument. They finally hit the big-time.

It took them a wild to get there. Don't worry about it. You do have a thing to worry about. If our foreign adversaries were defies inc.

-- devising a scheme to cripple America, they can do better than, kamala harris she started at 15 and she was supposed to win. She went from 15 to 14 to 12, to 10 to seven. It's like a freefall.

People don't like her. Nobody likes her. She could never be the first woman president. She could never be. That would be an insult to our country.

Biden wants to impose a $4 trillion tax hike, a ban on America's energy, confiscate your guns. He wants to get rid of your second amendment. We are going to be appointing very pro-crime judges, but they want to destroy your suburbs. You know that.

You know the rule and the regulation. They want to build low income projects in the suburbs. They have been destroying suburbs. We are not doing it anymore.

Somebody said suburban women, how's trump doing? Last time they said, women don't like trump. I said, I think they do.

And then we did great with women. Wasn't that one of the greatest evenings ever? Four years ago. That was one of the greatest. One of the things they did -- first of all, we did much better.

African American votes much better. Hispanic votes. Hispanic.

He did better with african-americans than we thought. He did better with hispanics than we thought. He did better with asians than we thought.

He did really well with women. What's this all about? Ladies and gentlemen.

Then they said, donald trump is projected the winner of 2016. Do you remember that? That was the craziest thing.

I will tell you what, anything we had then, we have much more now. They understand it. They do, right.

They understand it. Look at that beautiful dress. She wears that dress through the middle of hollywood and everyone says, thank you very much. But they want to indoctrinate your children and implement a shutdown of the United States economy. Biden said, if the experts told me -- we are not shutting it down again. We learned about the disease, we did the right thing, we saved millions of lives.

People don't realize we saved millions of lives, and hundreds of thousands of lives by not letting China -- we put a ban on China, heavily affected. And biden was against it. Three months later he said he did the right thing. The flagburning rioters want biden to win.

They know the policies will be the downturn of America. They know my policies will list America to new heights of national greatness like we never seen before. That's what's happening.

They are coming after me because I'm fighting for you. They should come after me. They do come after me.

They have more things to say about me every day. They say, sir, would you like to state -- take the car? I say, why?

They say I heard you have a limp . Someday I will have a limp. I will let you know when. You will see it.

They make this stuff up. They make it up. They make stuff, it's called disinformation. They give a phony deal out. They did it two days ago with the military. Nobody loves the military more than me.

I was very lucky. I had 15 incredible American patriots I came by and said, he never said that. They were there. They were there.

But they make up stories, horrible stories. Look at last time. The fake, dirty dossier was all made up. Frankly, if the shoe was on the other foot, right, if it was on the other foot, you would have many people, 20, 20 five people right now in jail for two years and they would be there for 50 years because they got caught spying on our campaign.

It's treason, or whatever else you want to call it. It's a disgrace, and it's taken this long. It's a disgrace but it's taken this long.

Let me just tell you a little secret. Obama got caught and so did sleepy joe biden. Remember biden sitting in the room saying, why don't you use the logan act on General Flynn. Liquid General Flynn is going through. If that was reversed you would have many people in jail for many years. It would have started two years ago.

It's a disgrace. Biden is a global sellout who spent his career laying waste to American communities. He talks about, he is going to do this and he is going to do this, he has been there for 47 years.

He left three and a half four years ago. He just left. He has been there for 47 years, I am going to do this.

After 47 years he's had a change of heart. This is the craziest election. Somebody said, what's the difference between crooked hillary clinton and slow joe.

The difference is the following; she's meaner, probably not as nice -- I don't know, it can't get any worse than her -- but the big difference is she smarter than he is. He is a nicer person, but not smart. He never was. Nine primetime and certainly not now.

The washington vultures ripped apart our town in exchange for this party's nomination. Biden has formed an unholy alliance with the most extreme and dangerous radical left. With crazy bernie and everyone. You know who spurred the left and crazy, kamala. Kamala.

Kamala. You remember she left the race. Interesting they picked her, because in theory they should win california. Maybe we will make a play for that one too.

But they picked somebody from california. I don't get it. You always pick somebody that's hot, that's going up in the polls.

I am not sure, I don't think I ever said this, but probably hillary should have picked a bernie sanders to be her running mate. As crazy as it sounds, he was hot, he gave her a hell of a fight. A lot of think he -- a lot of people think he won.

Bernie is the greatest loser I have ever seen. Any children here? Not too many. He got screwed four years ago and he got screwed again. Biden got the nomination.

He got the nomination. But if biden would have sat back, and if elizabeth warren, pocahontas, you remember pocahontas? She finally faded.

She faded badly. If she dropped out in super tuesday, bernie would have been the nominee. I don't know who I'd rather run against.

One is super left and the other had to become super left. One is competent and the other is only half competent and heading south. He is half competent and heading south rapidly. But the globalists and the leftist make natural partners because they are united by their contempt for the American middle class in the truest sense.

That's why powerful corporations and far-left corporations are both siding with radical demonstrations. It's over the law-abiding areas that we had -- Republican cities and towns are doing great. We are doing great. We don't have crime or this violence. Chicago, over the weekend, many people killed, many people shot.

Shot. They were actually shot and killed. New york is the same thing. They have gone through the roof area they are up 300% in certain categories.

You say what's happening? We want to send them in so badly. Joe and his party spent the entire summer cheering on the riots, rampaging for Democrat run cities, labeling them as peaceful protesters. We call you peaceful protesters, you know why?

Because they have rules in these Democrat run states that if you campaign you cannot have more than five people. They did that for me. If you are going to church, you can't go to church anymore. You can't go to church. You can't go to church, you can't do anything outside. If you are willing to riot, running down main street, if you want to riot and stand on top of each other's face and do whatever the hell you want to do, you are allowed to do that because you are considered a peaceful protester.

We decided to call our rallies peaceful protests. Instead of standing up to the far-left rioters, biden condemns law enforcement and americans. Did not even mention the words that we love and respect wine order. Even my people, my very brilliant consultants, who I don't listen to very much, maybe I should. Sir, please don't say line order. It's too tough.

You look at the streets, people say line order but with safety. I said, people get it. It's just law and order.

Is that ok? We want line order. They say it law and order. Could you add the word safety?

It sort of obvious. We want law, we want order. Biden is fueling the violence with his relentless attacks and police and constant slander that America's racist. Of gotten the support of almost every police group in the country -- I've gotten the support of almost every police group in the country. Ohio, texas, north carolina. All over the country.

But did you notice he's starting to talk tougher. He sees what's going on, his polls are dropping like a rock. He starting to say, no, we need law and order.

No, he didn't say that, did he? You cannot say that because then they would lose the whole left. The left is running that party. You take a look -- you don't want to be dealing with the left. These people are stone cold crazy. Meanwhile, biden does not say a word about the thousands of african americans who are murdered each year at the result of violent crimes and Democrat controlled cities.

They are murdered by the thousands and they never, ever mention it. My heart is with a hard-working patriots of all backgrounds who build up our communities, not the violent criminals and extremists and agitators and anarchists who burn them down. Next time you see videos screaming far-left maniacs shouting wildly at peaceful americans, remember this, these are biden supporters. If he wins, they will be in charge of your government as sure as you are sitting there.

You will be taking your monuments down, you will be taking your statues down. I'm not kidding. You will be taking them down. You have to look at the report.

Go get it. You would not believe it. It's too crazy to talk about.

We will never give them the chance to do it. We will win. We will win big.

This is a very important state. And by the way. And by the way, when they send out there millions and millions of unsolicited ballots. When you get a ballot and say, I wanted to go and vote. Why are they sending me those ballots?

The only way we lose north carolina, and a couple of others like nevada, we are doing great there. The governor decides we are doing so well that we will send out hundreds of solicitors. They will send out millions of ballots to you.

People that never really thought in terms of it. Sometimes you will ask for a ballot, that they solicited ballot. It's ok, you have to go through a process and sign the form to get it. Sending out millions of unsolicited ballots.

Make sure you send the ballot in and go to your polling place and make sure it counts. The only way they can win is by doing very bad things. Look at this. Joe biden came here and said, this is not the most convenient place.

It's an airport. Hi, fella's. They did a good job guiding it. They are great. This is an airport.

If he had 200 people, I think it would be a lot. You ever see the gyms with the circles. That's his crowd. If you had 200 people.

I was told we have 15,000 people here tonight. As far as the eye can see. But they will correct it, they will say it was 14,500. He's misrepresenting. I was told we had 15000 and we are in the middle of an airport someplace.

Wonderful place. I don't know if you agree. Because of China, the -- is not working out too well. But we are rounding the turn.

We are rounding the turn. Because of that -- we have the same crowd. I think we have bigger crowds, potentially. We were in new hampshire and we had to turn around 8000 people.

We are doing mostly hanger things because we are outside. Outside is different than inside according to the great doctors. But they say it's very much different. We are doing the outdoors, the hangers.

I really believe that these crowds are bigger than they were four years ago. We started off in new hampshire. We said, look, let's have 1000 people.

We had five or six show up and we had thousands more. We are trying to be nice. Eventually we landed. We landed in new hampshire. The entire runway was lit up with thousands of people as the plane was landing. More support we had a few years ago.

I was going take care of your bets, I was going to rebuild your military. I was going to do all these things and you said, I don't know. That's a lot. You know what, I've done more than I promised.

Build a wall. Build a wall. I've done more. You never heard me say, you never heard me say -- a lot of you were at various rallies, you never heard me talking about Space Force. We built a new, think of it, a new branch of the United States military.

United States armed forces. Air force. I never talked about that.

I only figured that one out after I became president. I saw what Russia was doing and China was doing. I said we have to do the same thing. If you think that was easy, that was not easy.

That was very hard. The wall is passed 300 miles. It's exactly the wall that our great border patrol wanted. I was hoping a nice concrete plank with the builders. Boomm, boom, we put it. Sir, we have to see through.

Much more expensive. I said, let's go. We are over 300 miles and we will be finished with it very soon. We have among the safest borders that we've ever had by far. It's a good time to have it too. And you know, mexico is paying for the wall.

They don't say that. They never say it, but we will charge them a small fee at the border. The biggest border in the world in terms of people going across in terms of industry. Believe it or not, the southern border. We are putting a small toll on and maybe we will do something with remittance. When people come here and make money and send it back.

The wall will becoming back. Remember I used to say, who is going to pay for it, they'd say, mexico. That's right. That's right. And what happens -- it's going to get 10 feet higher.

What happens if they fight us on the wall? The wall will get 10 feet higher. They have 27,000 soldiers along our southern border, protecting us from people coming into our country.

Can you imagine that? And I did that so that we don't put tariffs on their products coming in. It was very simple. The President Has been great. He's a friend of mine. He's doing a great job.

Not easy. Mexico's not easy, but he's doing a great job. The wall is almost completed and it's a tremendous wall.

It's everything the border patrol people wanted. I gave them everything. It's wired for everything will think you could have.

Remember the Democrat, we don't want a wall, we want roads. That helps us a lot. -- we want drones. That helps us a lot. Biden supports cutting police funding and he supports ending cash bail.

Sleepy joe accepted the endorsement of the program, anti-police portland district attorney who has a policy of releasing rioters, vandals, criminals, violent extremists without charge. Last night they arrested more than they've ever done. We said you have to.

And we told them about we will federalize them and do whatever they need. We spoke to the governor. After 107 days they are finally doing what they are supposed to be doing. The biden/bernie manifesto pledges to implement the same policies nationwide.

You have to understand. Bernie is a radical left, but not as bad as her, but a radical left. I got a lot of bernie voters. I think 15% because they agree with me on trade.

They understand that many of these countries, including our so-called allies are ripping us off. They are ripping us off on trade. The difference is I know how to do something, they don't. They don't have a clue.

They know they are being ripped off. A lot of bernie people feel that. They came over and voted for me instead of crooked hillary, which was a very nice thing.

We appreciate it. We really implemented things. We paid in billions and billions and billions of dollars to China, from China and China has never given us $.10. We signed a great trade deal, but the ink was not dry. I view that trade deal much differently.

It's a great deal. Last week they ordered the biggest order of corn in history, the biggest order of soybeans in history, and I say uh. It just shows you they are smart. Instead of saying he is not talking nicely about us that we won't order anymore or do business. No, instead they do the opposite.

They give is the biggest orders. Our farmers are very happy. They give us the biggest order of beef, biggest order of soybeans. And I gave the farmers $28 billion because that is what you are targeted for by China. I gave you 28 out of the tariffs, and we had tens of billions of dollars left over, which went into the u.s.

Treasury. Nobody has ever done this before. With biden is the reverse. He sits down for 10 minutes with the father and whoever the hel theyl sat down with. Walks out with $1.5 billion to manage.

He has no experience at all. Never happened before. Bidneen's plan is to appease the domestic tariffs -- terrorists, my plan is to arrest them.

On november 3 America faces a very simple choice. Do what you want, vote for the candidate backed by violent left-wing rioters, or do what you want to vote for the candidate backed by the selfless heroes of law enforcement and just about everybody else. Wait until you see the numbers. Wait until you see the numbers. There was a poll that came out.

It said 62% of the people in the polls are lying. I said that's a big number. I think it was 62%.

A couple of weeks ago, became out -- it came out. They are only lying because they don't want to be bothered. They are not only lying about sleepy joe, they are lying about us. I don't know if I am supposed to love it or hate it, but we will take it, I don't give a damn. We have a virtual landslide if that's the case.

We have a virtual landslide. We are joined tonight by some really great friends of mine. Representatives, senators, just some incredible people. People that have really helped me. We have to get them in office.

Let's start off with Senator Tom tillis. Thank you. He has been by my side. Thank you, very much.

Representative craig mark -- representative craig murphy, virginia and ted. What a group. What a group. What a group, thank you fella's.

Those House guys were in there and they were fighting for us. We were 196-0 when crazy nancy impeached us. They impeached me for making a phone call that was perfect. It was the perfect call. The only President In history that got impeached for making an absolutely perfect phone call. Think goodness I had to call because they totally misrepresented what was on the call.

If you ever heard shifty shift get up and Congress and say what I said, it would have been terrible. Fortunately we had really talented people taking down everything word for word. We had the call perfectly. If I did not have it, I guess I'd still be here if you want to know the truth.

We were 196-0. The Republican stuck together and kevin mccarthy has done a fantastic job. He really did. And with the exception of a half a vote from mitt romney, you can have him. He is not too popular. I want to tell you, he's not a very popular guy in utah.

He's not too popular. 52 and a half to a half. He is a beauty. He cannot get elected dog catcher in utah right now. Remember you talk, they said, it's too close to call.

This was before the election. Then they said, utah, the polls have closed. I won by a lot.

There was some guide running. Mcmuffin. Mcmuffin. Mcmuffin, he was supposed to be second. Even hillary beat him. What a group.

Lieutenant governor dan forest. Get out and vote. Get out and vote for him.

He will be a great governor. He loves your stay, he will be a great governor. Tom will be a great, great Senator For another six years. I hope you will do well, dan.

I know you are getting up there. It's getting very close. I will be honest. If this governor that you have, I know him. We had to take our convention away.

He said you can have 10 people in the arena because it's and one room. I said, you know the money your state will be losing. But if this guy does not open up your state, because almost all of them are open now, if he does not open up your state, you have no choice.

But dan. Dan forest, going vote. The Republican nominee for north carolina attorney general, jim o'neill. Where is jim. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Good luck. You have to be careful with those ballots. Watch those ballots. I don't like it.

You have a Democrat governor. You have all these Democrat. I don't like it. I look at these crowds.

If they are going to cheat, crowds are meaningless. If they are going to cheat these big, beautiful crowds -- you could have 15,000, you could have 50,000, watch it. Be poll watchers when you go there. Watch all the stealing and robbing they do. This is important. We will win north carolina, we are going to win florida.

I just left florida. We will win florida. The north carolina Republican party chairman michael watley.

Thank you, michael. Great job. A very good friend of mine, a great guy, milk mulvaney -- mick mulvaney.

I did not know mick was here. Look at him. What a good guy. Thank you, mick.

We have a lot of big shots over there. What do you think about a guy named mark meadows, chief of staff. We love mark. He is doing a great job. Robert o'brien.

How many hostages have you and I negotiated to get back -- not giving anything, but we have a record of what, robert? 50-0. We are 50-0. We got hostages back from countries that you never even heard of. It's been pretty amazing.

Thank you all for being here. Mikc,ck, it's great to be here. A very outstanding senator. We love south carolina, right? Come here. Lindsey graham, everybody.

Lindsay and tim scott, two great ones. They may be from a different state, but they love you lindsey. And tim is another one. We have incredible people in the party. We have achieved more in four years and everyone has ever got possible. That's driving them crazy.

We passed massive tax cuts like nobody ever thought was possible for hard-working families. We eliminated a record number of job killing regulations. Within any President In history whether it's for years, eight years are in one case regulations. And to keep family farms in the family, we eliminated the unfair state tax known as the death tax on your small farms and business. That was a terrible thing.

People were fighting for that. Your family's lost the farms. Because you had to pay the ridiculous death tax. If you love your children, you leave it to them. If you don't love your children than it does not matter what you did.

Don't leave it to them. Give it to charity. If they are not good to you. Does anybody here not love their children?

Please raise your hands. Nobody. Good. I love that.

Look at that one. You will love that one. I guarantee you will love that one. That's a keeper. That's a keeper. Right?

That's great. You'll love that one. A long time from now that beautiful child will not have to worry about estate tax. It was a terrible thing. You pass away and your kids would get the farm and borrow a lot of money because the state tax was massive. They put big mortgages on the farm, lose the farm in the business.

You don't have that anymore. Saved the u.s. Auto industry by withdrawing from the last administration's job killing catastrophe, the chan -- the transpacific partnership was a disaster. For half a century joe biden -- blue-collar workers and then he turned around and stabbed them in the back.

Biden supported nafta. China's entry into the world trade organization. Tpp. The South Korea disaster deal and mass amnesty for illegal aliens. Think of it. The big news, he has changed.

He's changed. For 47 years I've changed. I swear to you I've changed. Did you see him in the debates. He was better against bernie.

Something is going on there. You know what I'm talking about. But in the other debates, he was giving them everything he wants. Everything they want. Free health care for people to come into the country illegally.

Colleges, everything. Now under the new deal they get lawyers. If they come into our country illegally we supply them with legal advice. This is what we need is more lawyers. 40 -- the state lost 43% of manufacturing loss after China's entrance into the world trade organization. That's courtesy of biden and his friends.

Earlier this year I kept my promise to north carolina when we ended the nafta nightmare, we signed a brand-new u.s.-mexico-canada agreement. Everyone said it was impossible. They all said it was impossible to get done. We got it done. It's a great deal. It prevents people -- it prevents company from fleeing your state, opening up in mexico or canada.

Making the products, selling its u.s.. It's such a disincentive to do that now. That was the thing that was important. I would hate when I would see these companies going to mexico and canada.

A lot of them going to canada and then make a product. Everybody gets fired in our country, they close the business and make the same product in a different country. No tax, no tears, no nothing.

It does not work that way anymore. China's ransacking and rampant theft of north carolina jobs and u.s. Jobs. Joe biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the usa. We provided a historic $28 billion relief to our amazing farmers.

I will always stand with American agriculture. These are the greatest people, the finest people, and we are not going to let others take advantage of them. For 20 years you look at the chart. It's been this way for 20 years, now it's going back up.

It helped that I give you $28 billion in all fairness. If I do not do that and a ticket from China -- if I did not do that, I think you would not have any farmers. There was a difference between having farmers that are doing well and having no farmers.

28 farmers over two years. They guy hit one year, 16 billion. I said to sonny perdue, Secretary Of agriculture. Great guy, and at farmer. Great guy.

I said, how much at a being targeted for? He said, sir, will billion dollars the year before. As a 28, that's fine. We will give them 28 billion. There were unfairly targeted. China wants joe biden so badly.

You know who else would like him very badly, Iran would like him very badly. Because I ended that Iran catastrophe that we paid 150 billion and one point 8 billion in cash. You know what will happen, they are waiting for the election because the country is going down the tubes. It went down 24%. The country is in trouble.

I don't want them to be in trouble, but they are going to wait until after the election. When I win the election they will come to us and make a deal so fast. Watch how fast it will be. They are dynamic a deal. That's wait two months and maybe we will get lucky.

Maybe we are going to get lucky and slow joe gets a and we will make a great deal. They will been in immediately after the election. And we will make a fear deal with them.

What obama did and biden did with that horrible Iran deal. The administration's war in American entry that biden has pledged to end production of American oil, shale, clean coal, no fracking, wiping out millions of jobs that is forcing us to buy energy from foreign polluters. We don't want to buy energy, we have done that for a long time. For decades and decades. I like being energy independent.

Don't you? I'm sure that most of you notice when you go to fill up your tnank of gas, often times it's below two dollars. You go, held a h -- how the hell did this happen? Thank you President Trump.

Thank you President Trump. Look at your electric bills and everything else. Your electric would go up 4, 5, 6 deals.

The green new deal is called the green new nightmare. With our president America will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth and we will remain energy independent. And for many, many years to come.

The fact is, we all have to be in the Middle East other than we want to protect israel. We have been very good to israel. Other than that, we'll have to be in the Middle East. There is a time we needed desperately.

We have more than they do. Isn't that nice? After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally building our country.

America first. It's America first. To bring hope to our any cds that created opportunity zones. I worked with tenet -- Senator Tim scott of south carolina. What a great guy he is.

Mass criminal justice reform, prison reform, delivered funding for historically black colleges and universities that obama never did, or couldn't do. And biden. I call it obiden. Just call it obiden. Before the China virus we achieved the lowest african-American, hispanic American, asian American unemployment rates ever recorded. We are heading back to that level rapidly.

Biden spent the last 47 years betraying african-American voters. He betrayed them. Look in 1994. Take a look at that.

He betrayed them, what he did to them. He closed the factories in baltimore and sent them to beijing. There were all sent to beijing. So many people went there, they went to all parts of the world, but a lot went to beijing. He shuddered the plants in chicago and sent them to shanghai. Unlike the previous administration.

Under my administration we put America first. And actually, if we weren't interrupted with constant investigations that went nowhere, and nobody has been through what I have been through as President Of the United States, nobody. They used to say abraham lincoln got the worst press. I said, there's no way he got worse than me. But lincoln was very badly treated by the fake news. Maybe in his case it was real.

In my case it's fake. It's totally fake. It should never be allowed to happen again.

But see what happens. We caught them cold. Let's see what happens. That takes time and energy and all of the things.

The time we spent on this impeach made hoax. Nancy pelosi with her hair dryer and the whole thing. Everybody has to wear a mask. You must keep all beauty parlors closed.

And she's in a beauty parlor with no mask on. And then she said the biggest she could have said, ok. You got me.

But she said, I got set up by the beauty parlor owner, who happens to be a trump person by the way. I like the beauty parlor. She said, I got set up by the owner of the beauty parlor. I say, how will you do -- deal with putin, kim jong-un were President Xi of China?

She is always preaching about the mask. You have to wear the mask at all times. Indoor, outdoor, when you go to bed at night, put the mask on.

I've spent the last four years keeping my promises and delivering for the african-American community. And when I reelected, the best is yet to come. I'll tell you.

The opponents have thoroughly betrayed working families under subject of immigration. Under my administration we have achieved the most -- in American history. I have to tell you, 300 miles of wall helped a lot. I always say, and I've set it for her five times.

I will say it again if you'd like me to. Two things, if you come back in a thousand years, 2000 years or 3000 years. The world is a crazy place. If you come back in 1000 years, with all of the computers and all the everything changes every day, you invent a new cell. You invent a new laptop.

Everything is obsolete. Two things that will never get obsolete. The wall and the wheel.

Maybe I'm wrong, who knows. That I would say walls and whe els have a great future. We ended catch and release. We have deported 20,000 gang members, including the radical ms 13. We invested $2.5 trillion in the United States military. All made in the usa, by the way.

We have the newest, finest military we've ever had. We great -- we gave our great warriors their largest pay raises in many, many decades. We passed va choice and va accountability, which everybody said could not happen.

And veteran satisfaction with the v has just reacheda 91%, the highest satisfaction level in history. I withdrew from the last administration's disasters, the Iran nuclear deal, I kept my promise and recognize the true capital of israel and opened the United States embassy in Jerusalem. And then I recognized israeli sovereignty, and we achieved the first breakthrough in the Middle East peace for many, many decades. Decades.

Even the new york times says that was in a meeting -- an amazing achievement. We did something nobody thought was possible. It's israel, as you see and as you read, israel and uae, highly respected leader, mohammed, highly respected. Now we have other countries in the Middle East that want to come in. It will be a beautiful picture. A beautiful picture.

We killed the vicious founder and leader of ISIS. We killed him. Why didn't biden get him? The world's number one terrorist and the mass murder of American troops. We got him too.

Solomon any -- too. The two worst terrorists in the world in many, many years, many decades. We kept America out of new wars and we are bringing our troops back home. We are bringing them back home from these faraway places. We spent hundreds of billions of dollars. And, what do we get out of it?

Biden voted for the iraq war. He supported the defense that sequestered our military. He opposed the mission to take out osama bin laden. He oversaw the rise of ISIS.

And for eight years he cannot find or kill the founder of ISIS. They looked, they could not find him. I found him and we hit him good. We hit him good.

And you saw the family on television. He saw that at the convention. What he did with their beautiful daughter. Incredible how our troops handled that. You should see it, it's incredible. Biden cheered the rise of China as a positive development, positive development for America and the world.

How are we doing with China? We just had the plague. We have had other plagues sent by them.

I wonder if they did it on purpose. What do you think? I was sailing through an easy election.

This was going to be so easy. I probably would have not been here tonight. I said, no, we don't have to bother.

Now we have to work against the guy who does not know where he is. When I banned travel from China biting called it xenophobic. Everyone told me, you have to do that, but I said we have to because wuh is very infectedan and they are coming here. -- wuhan is very infected and they are coming here.

If we listened to joe hundreds of thousands more americans would die. It won't take long with his son hunter walking out with all of that money with no experience whatsoever. He did not even have a job. Joe biden is weak. You will always cave to China.

When the virus arrived we launched the largest national mobilization since world war ii. We are delivering life-saving therapies. And we have achieved some of the great numbers.

We have the lowest fatality rates in any country in the world. People don't know that because the fake news does not want to write about it. Operation warp speed. We are producing a vaccine in record time. There is a vaccine we will have very, very soon.

By the end of the year, but much sooner than that perhaps. This is something that's incredible. It would have taken two or three years by the last administration. And in all fairness, by most other administrations. We have upped it to a level that nobody believes as possible. It's totally safe.

Joe biden and kamala harris rated the most liberal, undermining scientists and risking lives with their anti-vaccine rhetoric. They know we have it. It's only a question of weeks or a small amount of time.

Instead of saying it's a great thing, we will save lives, they are trying to disparage it, they are trying to make a politics. What will happen is we will have it and people won't want to take it. That's really bad. That's really bad. The biden/harris effort to spread anti-give vaccine conspiracy theories -- anti-vaccine conspiracy theories , only because they know we are close to getting it out, putting it out and getting get out fast.

The vaccine will be safe. The greatest labs in the world. They will be effective and it will be delivered before the end of the year.

And maybe as I said, much sooner than that. Joe biden's plan to approve a blanket shutdown would collapse our economy and cause suicide, drugs, our whole abuse, heart disease and much more. That's what you are in.

You are in a shutdown. Many states are not and shutdowns. They are doing better. They are doing better.

Somebody has to speak to this man. Maybe you have to talk to him, dan. Go in and say, you don't know what the hell you are doing. You don't know what you are doing. You are hurting our people. North carolina has to open up.

By contrast, my administration is following the science, protecting those at highest risk while allowing those at lower risk to safely return to work and school. Go back to school. Go back to school. You ever see the statistics on young people?

I don't know. They have a great immune system. Let's get some of that immune system. They are amazing.

Thousands and thousands of people and they are not even affected. Very little. Meaning a small percentage of 1%. It's an incredible thing. Nobody assumed a thing like that was possible. But young people are very strong against this horrible disease.

Through our historic China virus relief programs we save more than 1.3 million. -- million jobs for north carolina workers. We provided $380 million in relief from -- relief for north carolina farmers.

We made $10 million in ppp loans to save your stay. Tobacco growers we saved. You tobacco growers. We want to help them. The biden agenda would crush this come back and put our families in grave danger. Biden is promising to reimpose job destroyed regulations.

We got rid of all regulations. He wants to put those regulations back, plus 50%. He could not build a road. We took roads from 1819 and even -- 18, 19, and even 20 years approval down to one.

You will know in a period of 12 months to 24. I know all about it from the real estate business. We brought it all the way down.

He wants to give you legal aliens government health care and taxpayer-funded lawyers. Establish a national sanctuary city policy for illegal aliens with criminal records. This stuff is not even believable, but it is what it is. He wants to surge refugee admissions I 700% into our country. Flooding your towns with fully vetted migrants, including many from jihadist regions of the world. Biden opposes north carolina opportunity scholarships.

He has stated that if he is elected charter schools are gone. He said they are gone. They have been incredible.

In a second term I will provide school choice to every parent in America. We will also take good care of our teachers. Our teachers are very, very important to me. Very important. Nothing more important. A vote for Republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and a limited -- limitless future for all americans.

Just in finishing, I have to say that over the next four years we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world. We will and our reliance on China once and for all. [cheers and applause] we will make our medical supplies right here in the United States. We will enact fair trade deals that grow American jobs and grow American wages.

We will bring our companies back home where they should be and I have been doing a lot of it, but we are going to do it at a level nobody ever thought possible. We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring ridges and record prosperity. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, surge federal prosecutors into high crime communities, and ban all sanctuary cities. [applause] we will protect government benefits for American citizens, not for illegal aliens.

What you're doing when you have all of these advantages, when you are giving them free health care, free lawyers, free college and, free everything they all come. They see this and they talk of their friends and they all come in. They want to come to America. You are just bringing people in.

We want people to come to our country but they have to come in through merit and legally. We will appoint prosecutors, judges and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their own political agenda. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion and creed.

We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. [applause] we will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms. [applause] we will hot down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless, ridiculous, foreign wars.

[applause] we will build up our military like it has never been built up before. We made our military father reasons. We will have the strongest -- we have now -- when I took over, our military was depleted. We have a lot of military people here.

Our planes or 50 years old. Now you have brand-new f-35's and rockets and hopefully we will never have to use them. But the best way of not having to use them is to have them. If you have them.

We learned that in the schoolyards, right? The best way is to have them. We have the strongest military we have ever had by far. We will end surprise medical billing and require price transparency which I signed into law, which kicks in on january 1.

You better elect to me, north carolina! [applause] I did price transparency. And I cut the price.

Drugs are going to start going down at levels nobody has ever seen. It kicks in january 1. Hospitalization, doctors, you can choose your own doctor unlike with obama. Prices are going way down. Couldn't you have started sooner, but statutorily, that is wanted had to start.

Can you imagine if this kicks in and prices start dropping like a rock, and they will say, what a great President He is. He would have never done it. I am instituting favored nation --, so we will pay what the other nations pay at the lowest end. You will get the rebates that we give to middlemen who have to be the richest in the world.

We will protect medicare and social security. We will protect your social security. We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, always. Always.

America will land the first woman on the moon in the United States. The United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars. Very exciting. When we reopened n.a.s.a., that place was done. They had grass growing out of the runways. You had to see it.

Now it is the number one space center in the world by far. You see what is going on. We will restore patriotic education to our schools. [applause] oh, you know what I am talking about. Look at you! This is a very sophisticated group, tom.

You know what I am talking about, patriotic education. [applause] the first thing they do is they want to take your history away. [crowd chanting "usa!"] that is a great group behind me.

I don't know -- [applause] they are activists. But you know what, you know what it means, they want to take away your history. Vance why the monuments and the statues, they want to knock them down. First thing they do is take away your guns. They take away your statues, your heroes, your great generals.

They take away your past. I said it was going to happen. I said, they started with generals and colonels and others that nobody had ever heard of, and I thought, that was bad. They went up a little bit. I said, some day it is going to be robert e lee, someday will be washington, someday will be lincoln, someday it will be jefferson, someday it is going to be benjamin franklin.

It is all of them. They take away your past -- they are never taking away our past. They are never taking away our past.

That is the way they do it. That is the way they go. They take away your guts. We will teach our children to love our country, on our history and always respect our greats.

And we will live by the words of our national motto, "in God we trust." [applause] [crowd chanting "usa!"] this is better than the arenas, I have to say. Especially when you have a crowd like this. They have such spirit in this country. People love this country so much. I went to texas, ohio, florida.

It is always like this. They love our country. And we are not going to disappoint anybody. For years, you had a President To apologize for America. [chanting "we love you"] you had a President Who apologized for America.

Now you have a President Standing up for America and standing up for the people of north carolina. This is the most important election in the history of our country. I wouldn't say that lightly. Frankly, I thought the last one was and I said it, but they have gone to a level in of about possible. These people have gone stone cold crazy. It was building.

We were at a point is that we were so successful before the plague came in from China. We were so successful that we were starting to get together -- people forget -- success brings people together. It was so good. Our jobs numbers were so good. Whether it was the black community, the hispanic community, asian community, our jobs are so good. Our numbers were so good.

We were getting together and then the plague came in. We had to stop and close it up. We had to open it and start all over again. If you had told me we have one of the highest stock markets -- some of the stock markets have broken every record.

You look at nasdaq. [applause] we are far ahead of what I had planned. Far ahead of schedule.

We did it once and we have to do it again. Because this was an unforeseen event. It terrible event. A horrible event so many people died.

Nobody should have died. So many people died, but if we didn't do it right, we would have lost millions of people. Just a terrible thing. Often times I say, bring people together. And realized, if you look at the last few months, we were starting to come together.

I was getting calls from, you will not believe it, from Democrat. They were saying, things are going really well. It was starting to happen. Now we have to get it back to a level of great success because it will happen again. There will be great unity. Eventually, there will be great unity.

So get your friends and get your families. Get your neighbors and your coworkers and vote. And I say this because, from charlotte to kitty hawk, from durham to asheville, from wilmington to hear in winston-salem -- [applause] we inherited the legacy of north carolina patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, paved the wilderness, back out the panama canal, laid down the railroads, revolutionized industry, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world.

And we are making it greater than ever before. [applause] proud and great citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people.

With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we will keep on working. We will keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. [applause] we are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God, and together with the incredible people of north carolina, we will make America wealthy again. [applause] we will make America strong again.

We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you.