ID: CSPANDT218202054
Title: President Trump Remarks at Council For National Policy Meeting
Date: 2020-08-21

you are really fantastic. Thank you very much. And thank you to the council for national policy. My brother, robert, would have wanted me to be here today. Thank you very much.

[applause] together, we are committed to protecting the American people, preserving American values, defending America's heritage in keeping America safe, strong, prosperous, and free. I want to thank bob m. Kelly, kelly, etc. For your tremendous leadership. You have done a fantastic job.

We are also joined by the acting Secretary Of homeland security, who has done incredibly, chad wolf. Where is chad? [cheers and applause] thank you very much, chad. You are right in the heart of it.

Some big things coming. Very big things. Good job. Also, lieutenant governor, dan patrick, of texas. Dan?

Wherever you may be. [applause] what a great guy, great family, doing a great job as u.s. Attorney. I want to thank you all for being here. We have a lot of horsepower here.

A lot of firepower, you might want to say. But over the last week, the Democrat held the darkest and angriest and gloomiest convention in American history. They spent four straight days attacking America as racist and a horrible country that must be redeemed. Joe biden grimley declared a season of American darkness. And yet, look at what we have accomplished.

Until the plague came in, look what we have accomplished. We were doing incredible. The most successful period of time in the history of our country from every standard. Look what we have accomplished.

Now, this plague comes in, and look at the way they talk. Look at what is happening. Look at how we are shooting up -- we call it a super v.

They didn't think that can happen. And they are probably not happy about it. -- could happen. And they are probably not happen about it -- not happy about it. Joe biden sees American -- where joe biden sees American darkness, I see American greatness. We have seen her reward doctors and nurses racing into action to save lives.

We have sent -- we have seen first responders helping those in need. We have seen the passage of historic legislation to save millions of American jobs. We mobilize American industry like never before. -- we mobilized American industry like never before.

Produced lifesaving therapies. We are on track to develop the most incredible, from the standpoint in time, record time, vaccines. We have vaccines, he will be reading about them very soon.

We ahead of schedule. Years ahead of schedule. You would not have been there to were three years if you went back to another administration.

It is time to reject the anger and hate of the Democrat party. We have the biggest election coming up of our lifetime. [applause] no party can lead America that spend so much time during down America, but the biggest part of last night's speech was what joe biden didn't talk about.

He didn't talk about law enforcement. He didn't talk about bringing safety to Democrat-run cities that are totally out of control and have no clue. China was never mentioned in any way, shape, or form. China will owner country if he gets elected. They will own our country.

We are not going to let that happen. [cheers and applause] and you have seen the intelligence reports. China, very much -- China very much wants to biden to win. That would be very insulting if they wanted me to win. I don't think so. We have taken billions and billions of money from China, we have given it to farmers.

They had the worst year they have had and 67 years. We had the best year we have ever had. Have demonstrated over the last four years the extraordinary gains that are possible when we stand strong for our beliefs, trust the wisdom of our founders, and when we embrace America's destiny. It's a great destiny. With your help, we carried out the largest tax and regulation cuts by far in American history.

[cheers and applause] and they now want to quadruple taxes and they want to quadruple and beyond. The regulation cuts. When we say tax and we say regulation, you say, tax cuts are so wonderful, but the people in this room that are the heads of industry, there are some very powerful people in this room, they know the regulation cuts may have been more important than the biggest exit tax cuts.

To build a highway in this country could take in certain places 18-20 years to get approved. This is not even thinkable. And we have got it now down to two. I will have it down to probably one. It may get rejected for safety reasons or for in our mental reasons. That is ok.

It may happen. But we have it down. We will soon have it down to one year from as much as 21 years. We have cases that have just been disastrous. I just want to get to know some of the little details.

We will have it down to one year to build a highway. You can do it all in one year. It doesn't have to take 21 years.

And costs 100 times more. Literally. I have seen 100 times more. We eliminated obamacare's unfair individual mandate penalty, which is really the elimination of obamacare.

[applause] and to give to critically old patients access to life-saving drugs, we passed a thing called right to try. We have the greatest medicines, the greatest doctors and labs in the world. We have things that will not be approved by the fda for a little while. I have cut that time down in half. It used to be 12 years.

We have cut it down more than half. You see it with the vaccines, the therapeutics. But right to try, where we have the right to go when he use some of these promising drugs, the response has been incredible. The lives saved have been incredible.

People used to leave for Asia, Europe, for other places all over the world where they would go home and die. They would go home and die. They've have no money -- they have no money. Now they sign a very short simple document and they have the right to try.

And it's given them hope, and in many cases, their life back. So it's been a great thing. These are things that he talks about -- that nobody talks about. [applause] they have been trying to get that approved.

Not as easy as it sounds. So not very easy, but they have been trying to get it approved for 41 years, they have been trying to get that. That is just one of many, many things we have done, 441 years. To provide amazing veterans with care they deserve, we passed v.a.

Accountability and be a choice. Many, many decades, they have been trying to get that [applause] choice meaning you wait online, can't see a doctor, they would wait online for a week or two weeks or five weeks and they would sometimes be ill and they would end up being terminally elbow by the time they saw the doctor, and we are letting them go out and get a private doctor immediately, and we pay the bill. And we just got a 91% approval rating at the v.a., the highest we have ever had by many points. 91%.

[applause] and v.a. Accountability sounds simple, but it is not. You couldn't let anybody go, no matter how many -- no matter how they disrespected our great vets, no matter a badly they treated them, we had sadists, we had thieves, we had a lot of great people and you couldn't fire them under any circumstances. Under any circumstance, you couldn't fire them.

And now we say, you, you are fired. [applause] it is called v.a. Accountability.

They have wanted to have that. They have wanted to have that. They let go with 9000 -- they let go 9000 people and replace them with people who love our vets, they love our pets and they are great people and we had a terrible thing going because of the civil service and the unions and different things and you couldn't fire them and now you can fire them and find them quickly if they are doing the job. It is a big deal and we don't talk about it a lot.

Nobody talks about it. But they have been drunk to get those two things approved for more than four decades. And now they are done and they are approved. We ended the obama-biden administration war on American energy, and the United States is now the leading producer of oil and natural gas in the world. It is a big thing.

[applause] and remember this, if you look at what they are doing, biden wants to end fracking, and petroleum products, and petroleum, no natural gas, no nothing, and everything -- end everything, and that is it. How does that work in texas, how does that work in pennsylvania? I was in pennsylvania, a place he says he was born in, which is true, but he left when he was like nine years old. So he left a long time ago. He left seven decades ago.

[laughter] and he still calls it his home. [laughter] and his real home is a place he never leaves anymore. [laughter] [applause] never leaves. Never leaves the outskirts of that state. You would think he go with little bit. Not that far.

Never leaves. We will figure it out pretty soon. But they want to end fracking, they want to end really, they want to end everything, they want to end all of this. I said, think of it, they want to end oil. They want to end -- and this is the way it is, guns.

They want to take away second amendment. How about that? That alone should win you the election.

That alone. And I protected your second amendment and do you think that was easy for the last four years? Everyone said, look. He is wilting.

He is wilting. We are not wilting. We had people that were in tragedies and they lost a son at school, they lost a doctor, beautiful meadow. That gentleman has been a friend of my. He knows exactly what I am talking about. Beautiful meadow.

They are totally in favor. They have actually gone hard on the second amendment read it is not one-way. It is incredible -- it is an incredible thing to see, actually. But we held totally strong and it is always going to be with us but if they get into a will either obliterated to a point of no return or actually terminated. I have no doubt about it.

I have absolutely no doubt about it and it is something we can't let happen. It is such a big part of our security and safety. Entertainment dent all, -- entertainment and all, but it is an attack on God and it is an attack on religion. Did you see the man who got out?

And saying a very, very special phrase from a very, special thing, and he let the word got out and I was watching and I said, he must have made a mistake, I didn't think he left it out, I thought maybe, that can happen, maybe he made a mistake. He didn't make a mistake. That is where they are coming from. He left the word God out. So that is where they are coming from.

I withdrew from the one-sided paris, if you see it, the paris climate, I call it the paris climate disaster. [applause] this was a way of taking advantage of the United States. We wouldn't be able to drill. We wouldn't be able to frack. We wouldn't have energy.

Russia went way back into the dirtiest years. China didn't even come into it until 2030 2035, and when they get, they came in very lightly. We came in immediately and we would have had to close down many, many businesses in order to achieve the goals they set, which are totally unrealistic.

It was a disaster. And you know, it is an amazing thing. When I did that, when I did a couple of others, environmental bills, the clean waters act, how about that? It sounds so beautiful.

The name is beautiful. When I did it, I said I'm going to be killed on this one. And I did it and I was surrounded by farmers, developers, builders, they build houses, and others, and they never cry.

They are very strong people. They never cried a day in their life. There were almost all crying. Big strong guy, I said, when is the last time you cried?

I can for member, sir. I gave them back their life, right? You know, that took away, that took away their life and what we did in minnesota with the iron door -- iron or, -- iron ore, people came up to me and said you gave us back our life, obama wrote it off, the best in the world. The best in the world. We went up to maine. We give them back their lobsters.

We give them back their fishing. [applause] 5000 square miles. Think of what that is.

Take one mile, mile by mile, and now you add five, as big as the ocean is, that was a big chunk right off the coast of maine. Their whole thing is like lobsters and fishing and nobody does it better, and they were not allowed. It was a monument. Call the monument.

I said a monument to what? When I was up in maine two weeks ago I said to people, their whole life was lobster, fishing, you know the different things, they are the best, I said, what happened? And they said, he took away our everything. And I said, how is this area compared to other areas? And they said, first thing, it takes a long time to get to the other areas, it is so big. But it is the best in the world that he doesn't let us use it.

And I said, and yet, you vote Democrat. [laughter] it is like israel. Look what I did for israel. [applause] thank you.

But it is amazing to me, because nobody has been worse to israel than President Obama and biden. Nobody. Nobody has been worse. Look at the Iran deal. It is the worst thing that ever happened to israel. And they never moved to the embassy to Jerusalem, thereby making Jerusalem the capital of israel, which I did, and neither did any other president, and I understand why.

They campaign on it and campaign. Every President Said they were going to do it. No President Did it until I came along. [applause] and I will tell you, the pressure from other parts of the world was enormous. I have told the story a few times, I just turned off my phone and king calls and this one calls and that when calls. We are calling about israel.

I said, tell them I will get back in a couple of days. [laughter] I will get back in a couple of days. I will begin in next week. [laughter] kings and queens and prime ministers, presidents and dictators, everybody was calling. Don't do it, don't do it, it'll be bloodshed all over the Middle East. Look what we just did, right?

The united arab emirates. And now others. [applause] and we couldn't have done that if we had to deal with Iran. But they said, don't do it, don't do it, with israel. And I didn't take their call and I did yet.

And the ceremony, it was fine, nothing happened. Remember the world was going to blow up? This would be the end of the world. So I held my breath, and I did it. [laughter] and you know what happened? Nothing.

Except we did something that should have been done many, many decades ago. And every President Violated their promise, their campaign promise, except me. And I did it. And by the way, I added a long heights.

That was a big one too. I get it, and it is incredible. I then called up these heads of state, many of them are friends of mine, I get along, you don't hear this from the fake news back there, there is a lot of press, a lot of press, but you don't hear this from the people back there, but I actually have very good relationships with, with leaders, with many of them, and some of them take too much advantage of our country, including some of our so-called allies, some of them are the worst for taking advantage of us. But you don't hear that. So what I did was, I called some of the leaders the following week, how are you doing, what is up? Well, we wanted to talk to you about israel, but you already do it -- you already did it.

And I said, I wish I had talk to you a little bit sooner. [laughter] and that is easier than having somebody asking you over and over, please don't do it. But I could see there was a lot of pressure. I never understood why it wasn't done. It it wasn't done because there is tremendous pressure put on the President Of the United States by many other countries, much more than you would think, and different countries than you would even think, countries that you didn't even think caret about a were calling, asking not to do it. So we did it.

And it has been really quite historic, I guess. And I could run in israel and they said I probably have a 98% approval rating. [laughter] [applause] [indiscernible] and you know who appreciate th -- appreciates it the most of the evangelical christians.

[applause] they appreciate it. So it has been, it has been quite an -- by itself, that is one thing of many, many things, but that has been quite an interesting journey. But we also took historic action to stand up to China's trade cheating and blundering. We had the best year we have ever had and they had the worst year they have ever had and 67 years. I wonder why? I don't want to have them -- I don't want them to have bad years, but there has been nobody that is ripped off the United States like China, for so many years.

Presidents before mia love that to happen, and especially the one just for me. And joe biden, with his son walking out with 1.5 billion dollars to manage, meaning billions of dollars in fees is a disgrace. It is a disgrace. [applause] and then the vast sums of money he was paid by ukrainian, a ukrainian company that didn't have the highest standing, to put it mildly, but the vast sums of money. If that ever happened to a Republican, they would have been in jail a long time ago. It is such a double standard, I can't tell you, this whole thing with all of the things that happen.

The deep state. You can believe it. You don't have to believe it. But it is very unfair. And I will say that if a Republican ever did what joe biden did with calling off the prosecutors or you are not going to get $1 billion, he is on tape, it's not like, gee, he is on tape.

We wouldn't have had a chance. It is it disgrace the double standard is a disgrace that hopefully it will be back to fairness. At remember this, they spied on my campaign at they got caught. They can say what they want.

This fbi agent as just now, the first one admitted, and hopefully it is the beginning of the following castle, but he has admitted that he forged documents. He changed documents, reversing that, and he admitted it. So let's see what is going to happen over the next hopefully short period of time, because it is unfair that we had to wait so long. That was so obvious for a long time. And it should never be allowed to happen to a another President Again -- to another President Again. And that is were the good of the country.

[applause] within three years we replaced nafta, which everybody said was impossible to do, with a brand-new and really pro America usmca. It is a whole different ballgame. And we don't want to lose our companies to mexico and canada.

And this puts a tremendous price tag on doing that. If they want to do that, they won't be doing that. In everything we do, my administration is fighting for the American people and delivering one victory after another. We have appointed more than 230 federal judges.

We expect perhaps over 300 federal judges by the end of the year. [applause] and I can't tell you, it is driving them crazy. Don't forget, President Obama, they say he was a great president, he can't be a great President When much of what he has done, we have do great President When you leave a hundred 40 empty judgeships.

I don't think any other President Left any. These are very, very important things for a party, different everything. You understand it better than everybody come of the people in this room.

He left us 140. First day in office, I said how many judges to have two appoint? Sir, you have 142.

I said, you have got to be kidding. But we have 142 and I think we will have in excess by the time we finished, in excess of 300 including the court of appeals. And of course, two very exceptional supreme court justices. So. [applause] and remember this in terms of get out the vote.

The next president, I think, could have anywhere from two to four maybe five, based on statistics, statistically. Supreme court justices. Think about that. I have had two, some presidents have had none. Because you generally pick them young and they last a long time.

They can last a long time. But we could have two to three, four, maybe five, probably a stretch, but for is not a stretch at all -- but four is not a stretch at all. That means the entire balance of the court doesn't just shift, it becomes dominant. So if we come if we don't win, which we don't want to think about, we have to think positively, and the polls today, rasmussen 51%, and they were the ones that got it right last time, they and a few others.

[applause] they don't want to show those. They only want to show those poles not like -- those polls not likely voters, not registered voters. What does that mean?

Many of them are dead? Many have switched party affiliation spirit registered, but they don't show likely. But you see these polls where they interview many more Democrat and Republican and I guess they have to by law, but many more, and they don't go likely. Why did they do likely voters? Because I think they would be very upset.

In fact I think I know they would be very upset. Bottom line, we are doing very well. We have the biggest crowds. I think there is more enthusiasm now for this election than there was even, record enthusiasm, by the way, record-setting a doozy has a right now, it is more than we even had four years ago. Does that make sense?

[applause] and we had the same, same thing for years ago. But now we have done so much. You know, this is easier in many ways.

We were sailing, by the way. Without the plate from China, this thing was over. We were sailing. But that came in, and then you have to prove yourself again.

So now I have to prove myself again. But we are doing that. We are building up the economy. We are way ahead. We are way ahead in the economy.

But we are. Think of it. You prove yourself. You are in this. And now you have to do it again.

But that is all we are doing. We have the ve. We have the super feet we can talk about.

-- we have the v. We have the super v we can talk about. But many faith leaders are in the room.

We passed historic criminal justice reform. [applause] and nobody has done more for the black community or the hispanic community then we have. Nobody.

Nobody. [applause] maybe lincoln. Abraham lincoln. But nobody has come I don't think ever anybody -- I don't think anybody, with the possible exception of abraham lincoln, but nobody has done more. When you look at all the things we have done, nobody has done more.

After years of neglect by both parties, my administration understands that a strong nation must have strong borders. [applause] by next week, we will have gone up to over as I say 300 miles. That is hard to believe. And that was tough.

They didn't want to. You notice that now that we are building it, you don't hear about it anymore? They don't want to talk about it anymore and it is a bad issue for the Democrat because everybody knows walls work. It is interesting. No matter with all the technology and all the changes you see, you don't recognize a computer from five years ago, it is not even recognizable, two things don't change, walls and wheels.

[applause] and you can come back. You can come back in thousand years from now went two things will still be around, wheels and walls. Remember when they said, the wall doesn't do anything, they wanted to have drone flying around so you could watch everybody pouring into our country. [laughter] we have had catch and release -- we ended catch and release, one of the great scams of all time. [applause] we catch and release them.

They should say catch and release into our country, because you catch them at you release them and you aren't allowed to bring them back. Now we bring them back. You absolutely bring them back. We have dismantled drug smuggling and human trafficking in these networks are horrible. [applause] which has turned out, you think of it as almost an ancient crime, but it is not. It is bigger now all over the world than it has ever been because of the computer, because of the internet.

It is bigger now than ever before. It is a horrible thing. Much of it through the southern border.

But all of the -- but all over the world, this is taking place and we have brought it down to levels nobody thought possible. But it is a terrible thing. Mostly trafficking in women, children to a lesser extent, but women. We have removed 20,000 gang members including 4500 ms 13 gang members and brought them back to their countries and the countries under the obama administration didn't want to take people.

They didn't want to take them. They said, don't bring them back. We are not taking them. Guatemala, el salvador, honduras, they wouldn't take people back. Now they take them back. They say, thank you very much.

[applause] the last administration left us with a Middle East in chaos. This was a Middle East in chaos. Iran was empowered and exporting terror. They don't have too much money now.

They don't have billions of dollars, getting it to al qaeda, some of these wonderful groups that are totally vicious, crazed lunatics, but Iran is different. It is having a hard time. It gdp went down at a level you want believe, in the 20's, and they will make a deal.

I say they will make a deal in a month, but I probably been a week, but I just want to be right. Because they will call me, they will say it took 10 days, he was wrong. They just want to see if I win, they will be in making a deal and if for some reason I don't, they will take their time and they will get one of the great deals since the last one, where we pay them $150 billion, billion, gave them 150 for nothing. It wasn't even a long-term deal.

Right now, the time is almost up. This was a short-term deal. It was like you are at the store, the shopping center, these are countries we are dealing with. You need length, but it was a short-term deal, but more importantly we gave them $1.8 billion in cash. Think of that. Cash.

Cash. We fluid in a boeing 757, loaded from -- we flew it in a boeing 757 loaded from floor to ceiling with cash. And we kept that deal, we could never have started this incredible thing that is happening with the uae, israel, and everybody saying, why haven't you invited us? Ok. Many countries now want to come in. This was an impossible thing to even consider.

[applause] even john friedman of "the new york times" gave us na+. Can you believe it? He couldn't believe it. I won't say he has been a big fan, but "the new york times" gave us the best editorial I have ever had.

I can't believe it. I'm surprised. I'm sure they have changed it by now. Somebody got in and said, who wrote that editorial? They probably lost their job. But tom friedman actually wrote the editorial.

End it was fierce. I couldn't believe it. It has got great reviews from everybody, "the wall street journal," " the washington post," and we couldn't have done that deal if we'd stayed in the deal under john kerry who had no clue about negotiation. He said what about this, what about this, what about this, and he would sit there and agree to everything. Sometimes you have to get up and walk.

He never walked. He did once. He rode his bicycle and he was in an accident.

I promised, at 73 years old I said, I will never be riding a bicycle. He had the helmet with his name and insignia all over, he likes insignias like he was a 20-year-old great cyclist from france. So that the laid him about two months. They said, he got hurt in a bicycle accident. What?

Not a good accident. So I promised I wouldn't do that. I might get hurt but I am not getting hurt riding a bicycle. [laughter] but if you look at the obama administration, ISIS was rampaging all over. I have defeated 100% of the ISIS caliphate in iraq and [inaudible] yesterday we had the prime minister of iraq in my office.

He made a statement. He said, sir, I want to thank you, you have defeated ISIS. I said, wait a minute, when you say that, nobody ever says that, those people back there don't say it, what do you mean? He said you.

And I said, do you mean obama, the United States? Sir, obama, it was a disaster. When you took over, ISIS was in 30% of our country. You came in and you defeated.

I said, will you please go public with that? So he said, I would, he would, but it is true, we defeated 100% of the caliphate and we turned it all around. We rebuilt the United States military, 2.5 trillion dollars, we have a brand-new military. [applause] and as I said with israel, we got out of the Iran nuclear deal, which was such a horrible thing for israel could but I asked a friend of mine who is a big fan of israel.

I said, so what was the best, go along heights, Jerusalem -- gallant heights -- goal on heights -- golan heights, recognition of Jerusalem capital? 50 years. 50 years. Planes would fly in, they would talk, they would keep talking, two days later the planes would fly out.

52 years they went through that. I got it done immediately. And I said, which is more important, golan heights or Jerusalem capital? And he said neither.

And I said what do you mean, neither? He said, the most important was when you withdrew from that horrible and very dangerous Iran nuclear deal. That was the greatest thing you did for israel. [applause] and I said, I agree. I actually said, I agree. I said I agree.

We impose the toughest-every u.s. Sanctions on Iran and this week in most -- this week we invoked the snapback provisions to invoke all the previously suspended u.n. Sanctions. We snapped them back. It's a good term.

The founder and leader of ISIS, al baghdadi, is dead. [indiscernible] -- [inaudible] -- [applause] but the more success that we have achieved, the more unhinged the radical left has become, and violent mobs have rioted in our Democrat-run cities, attacking our police and tearing down statues. And as you know, I signed a clause, I got an old bill, you know, when they used to do powerful things, when they knew what the hell they were doing. I took an old bill and I gave a nice, brent new executive order. It says very easily, can you imagine getting this today, you ripped out a statue, federal statute, you go to jail, prison, we use the term prison, you go to prison for 10 years.

[applause] and I remember, there was a big march on washington. There were coming into knock a lot of statues down. They even had thomas jefferson planned. That was in their planning.

No, thanks. George washington. They were even thinking about lincoln. Lincoln did sort of a pretty good job, right? But they were talking about anybody. I don't even know if they knew what they were doing, they were just wild and out of control, but I signed this end 10 years in prison if you knock down a statue.

We have people right now in jail that are going to trial, and that was from previous ones. [applause] but if you remember, that was a big thing, too -- months ago. Do you know when I signed it?

Two and half months ago. To end off months ago I signed up. We haven't had a problem since. They say, you know, we want to walk -- to knock down that statue, but let's see, 10 years, 10 years, that is a lot of time, that is a lot of time. [applause] you know, laws of properly utilized can stop all of this madness.

That is what we have to give our great police back there dignity -- back their dignity. [applause] I have been endorsed by almost every police organization in the country. We just got the other day met lynch, that of the new york city police endorsed me.

First endorsement. He said, to the best of his knowledge, which is a lot of knowledge, the first time they have ever endorsed a candidate for President That's good. They don't endorse.

First time. [applause] all the sheriffs in florida. Dan can tell you, all the law enforcement in texas, all the law enforcement in texas. That's good. And just about everywhere we have tremendous support.

When you are always going to have bad apples, by the way. You have bad apples and probably in this room we might have one or two. You have bad apples. But these are great people that do a phenomenal job and actually are shifted by the public. By the public they are appreciated and they are loved and they are respected, and the public doesn't want to happen what is happening to our police.

They took away their dignity. They took away their right to do the job that they want to do. And they are doing the job now, and for me, they do the job rate and you look at most cities in the country, crime is actually down, you look at chicago and you say, how is that possible? You look at new york and what has happened in a short time, but we are with, they are with us and they have done a fantastic job.

[applause] so the future of our country and indeed our civilization is at stake on november 3. Earlier this summer, murders rose by 29% in new york city, 30 3% in philadelphia, 53% in chicago, 133% in any apple's. These are all Democrat-run places.

These are Democrat-run, I might say, radical-left Democrat in some places. But these are people that don't have any clue what they are doing. They don't have any idea. I don't think they even know what is bad, what is going on. You almost say they are trying to defend it.

It is incredible to hear them. But that is why I launched operation legend which resulted in the arrest of 1500 criminals since july. In the radical left spent four years trying to illegally overturn the last election.

They are still trying to overturn. Hillary clinton. Remember the hillary clinton, will you honor the election?

[applause] -- [laughter] but the results of the election, that was hillary clinton, and she should have asked that question to herself. She is like a crazed lunatic. She is a lunatic. [applause] she is something, I will tell you. Somebody said, what is the difference between clinton and biden?

Should I say? Should I tell you? Clinton is much smarter, but not a likable person. Joe is not nearly as smart, but he is more likable. So I don't know.

Maybe I would rather have the smarter person. Who cares about personality? But that is the difference. Very simple.

It is a very simple thing. That is what we have to win. We have to win. [applause] so now, the Democrat are planning to permanently alter our political system so their control is never threatened again.

They want to pack the court with radical left justices, abolish the filibuster, which frankly I wish we did it, because I said they are going to do it, so we might as well get their first, but I couldn't get a couple of people to go along with me, but my attitude was, schumer is going to do it and they said, no, he is not going to do it and guess what? They are doing it. They are doing it. We have done as much as anybody has done in three and a half years but as much as a we have done, we never would have if we had done that, because getting those extra 10 votes was almost impossible with those people.

Almost impossible. So I wish we had done it. I wanted to do it. But we had an obstacle. And obstacles.

They grant, they want to grant mass amnesty for millions of people. And citizenship they want to give too many million illegal aliens, probably about 11 million at least, and abolished, they want to abolish voter id. They want to abolish voter id. To get into the dnc convention last night, you needed id with your picture on it.

What does that tell you? To get in last night, a friend of mine was saying, a friend who happened to be there, I was saying, why were you there? [applause] very political person. But he shows me, here is the idea, it has my picture, it is the most incredible, it is a disgrace, there is only one reason why they don't want voter id, that is because they want to cheat. It could not be anything else.

[applause] I mean, you have it on everything. You have it on driver licenses, you have it on everything just about, and the other one they don't want it on is a vote, which is your most important, the most important thing you have his revote. And they don't want it.

We have it in some states, indiana, we have some really great voter id. They want to abolish it. Is I never allow it to happen again, and that is only about. That is only about. To everyone in this room, your organization was formed at a time when conservatives that the fight to turn back the tide of communism abroad, communism here.

It is a very important organization. Now, americans must rally to turn back the radical left socialist send marxists right here at home. And you see that when you see these people rioting in portland, where you see the anger come of the craziness, these people are crazy, they are crazy, and we won't let it go on must longer, by the way. Because they are supposed to police their own city, but we are not quick to let it go on.

[applause] because at some point, we have to say, ok, you have had enough time to police or time -- your town. And by the way, they have good police. Portland has good police. But they are not allowed to do their job.

If our opponents prevail, no one will be safe in our country and no one will be spared, no one will be spared, including the people who helped fund, they think they're going to be best pals, they are not going to be best pals, they are going to be terminated just like many others. I am the only thing standing between the American dream and total anarchy, madness, and chaos. And that is what it is. I'm representing you. I'm just here. And I'm not sure it is an enviable position.

[applause] but that's what it is. When I made that statement, I was embarrassed by it, because it is so egotistical. It is like an egotistical statement. I was a little embarrassed, I am the only one. But there was no other way to say it.

We have to win the election. If we don't win come all these things that we talked about, pro-life, by the way -- [applause] second amendment, by the way -- [applause] if we don't win, it is all gone. It's all gone. And we mention, I have to mention life.

God, second amendment -- gone. Second amendment, it is gone. Many things. It will be a totally different country, and ultimately it will fail.

It can't work. Economically, it can't work. We will go into a depression.

And I am very good at predicting these things. We will go into a depression, no different than, maybe worse, than what happened in 1929. Your stocks will crash. Your 401(k) will be worthless. This is going to happen.

And the radical left will bring him along so quickly. I don't know if you saw the congresswoman the other day, where she said, he will do whatever I tell him to do. He is perfect, he will do whatever I tell him to do. This is a congresswoman. And bernie sanders is saying the same thing. Bernie sanders is saying, we will just let him be there and when he gets in, we take over.

That is what is going to happen because that is where their party is. It has become a sick ideology, and we have to win. We will solve the problem very quickly. Very easily.

We have to win. I don't like this mail-in ballots deal. They are going to send out 51 million mail-in ballots to people who haven't requested them. Where are they going? Look at what happened in new york with carolyn maloney, a small race and they declared the winter. They don't even have the ballots.

It is so mixed up, so fraudulent. The only reason they declared her a winner is that I said, what is going on? Six weeks, they couldn't count the votes. That is one little race. What is going to happen when you have 150 million votes, and you have 51 million votes, think of it?

They're going to send out 51 million, and it could be higher, 51 million votes, no signature verification on many of them, in nevada, no signature verification, in new jersey, no signature verification. In new jersey, the governor passed attend even have the legislature approve it. He did it with an executive order, which is interesting. I do you do this? But think of it. You don't have to know anything about politics page you don't have to know anything, just commonsense.

That a lot of you are great business people. If you one million -- 51 million. It is not an absentee ballot where you requested, they send it, you send it back, it's good, like in florida. This is 51 million people are going to get ballots to send in. So if it is them, let's say, that are doing it, and it is mostly Democrat states that want it, and their Democrat governors, they are going to send them to certain areas, I guess. I guess.

Below are going to be getting them. That is fine. And they will send them back. And some of them, harvesting, that is when you harvest them altogether. In the vatican, harvesting is allowed. So they would -- in nevada, harvesting is allowed.

So they would go all over the world and get people, used to be here, and they will harvest them and they will drop thousands of them on the table just before the election. And you will never have an election count on november 3. Do you know the way we enjoyed, I'm not sure they enjoyed, we enjoyed it, the greatest evening ever was four years ago, right? [applause] and that night, that night four years ago, that was an extraordinary night, we knew that night, in fact, we knew before, we literally knew before 9:00 even though it took until 2:00 to call, they refused to call pennsylvania.

We had every single vote, there were two points left, and if we lost every vote, we would have won, but they refuse to call it, but they called wisconsin, they called michigan, they called places that haven't really done very well for Republican but if you look at michigan now, we are building many car plants. They had built car plants and 42 years and we are expanding in building car plants. Many good things are going to happen, but you are not going to be able to know the end of this election, in my opinion, for weeks, for months. Maybe never. Maybe years, but maybe never come up because once you go past the first week, you are never going to know what is going to happen, they're going to be taking them and hiding them.

You saw what happened in broward county, where every day there were 10,000 gone, rick scott, it was great the way he did that and we help them a lot and governor desantis right? 10,000. 10 thousand.

If we waited a couple of days, you wouldn't about the same governor, you wouldn't about the same senator. We took room, strong action because it was obvious what was going on. So now you have 51 million ballots, tom, where is tom?

Stand up, tom. [applause] judicial watch, they do a fantastic -- I don't know if everyone agrees, but I do. [applause] I wish he had more help.

I honestly wish he had more help, but it is not easy being -- easy beating a system that has been a place for many, many years. I it is sad. But 51 million votes. It is being sent and nobody knows who is counting them. And what happens if you send it to an all-Democrat area but not an all-Republican area?

Heidi when an election. This is a serious problem. -- how do you win an election? This is a serious problem. This isn't about osprey this is about the country.

This is about the country. It could happen the other way, too. It could happen the other way, to. I don't think it will come up and he could. But this is a very disgraceful situation. I don't think you are going to know anything on the evening, anything meaningful or anything real, on the evening of november 3.

I don't think you are going to know anything. You are not going to know what happened. You are not going to know two weeks later. You are not going to know for weeks later. And I don't know what is going to happen.

There is a theory that if you don't have it by the end of the year, crazy nancy pelosi would become president. Think of that. Think of that. That mad theory. You have heard that theory. I don't know if it is a theory or a fact.

But I said, that is not good. [laughter] that is not good. There is a theory that if you don't have that, and that is part of their whole line, that if you don't have a choice, that the Speaker Of the House becomes president, and that I think goes into effect either on the 20th or the first.

Put that in the hopper. Add that to everything else. It's a disgrace. They know it is filthy dirty.

Patterson, new jersey, virginia, new york, many, many cases all over the country just recently. I'm talking about recently. And it is not even the post office, although mailmen have become very popular people. That has happened too, that has happened too, even mailmen. But think about our country when they do this.

We voted in world war I. We voted in world war ii. And now we can vote anymore. And that is still a long time away. The pandemic is, if you look at florida, you look at arizona, you look at california come of those numbers are going down very rapidly. Many states have very little problem.

You look at a map now, it is largely really in good shape. I am going to talk about it in my speech thursday. We have done a great job.

We have not been recognized for what we have done. We have done a great job. [applause] so to end a half months from now we will be in good shape, and we are going to be in potentially billy good shape, and we can't let this -- potentially be in really good shape, and we can't let this happen to our country.

It is called universal male in. They like the word universal because it explains it. I don't like it. I just call it mail-in ballot thing.

But we want to distinguish it from absentee ballot income -- absentee balloting, which has gone on for a long time and we like that. But we are not prepared for all these ballots. It will be of tremendous embarrassment for our country.

It will go on forever and you will never know who won. I say it for you and I stayed for the cameras because I assume it goes out, but I will tell you this is a very serious problem for a great democracy. It is a very, very serious problem. And something has to be done about it, and they are being sent almost as we speak. People are going to get ballots who had no intention of voting that maybe shouldn't be voting, and they said that computers will pick it up.

The computers are going to pick up nothing. They will pick up nothing. You will have double voting. That is going to be a big problem. They will send in their ballot and then they will vote.

They will send in the ballots and then they will vote. What are the back -- what are the chances that some states, so efficiently run, you can vote, we just got your ballot last night. Think about how ridiculous it is.

Common sense. I say this for the media, this will be the greatest catastrophe, one of the greatest catastrophes in the history of our country, that is how serious it is. And they all think I am just tried to steal an election. Just the opposite. I want the fair results of an election. [applause] so the damage that they inflict will not just last a year or an election cycle, it will echo four generations that we may never be able to escape, no matter how great our future is, we may never, ever escape from the damage that will be inflicted if the radical left takes over the presidency.

We may never, remember the supreme court, but we may never be able to do it. It will be too late. The country will go down so far that you will never, ever, I don't care you are, be able to bring it back. There is now a major political party that supports decriminalizing illegal border crossings, abolishing cash bail.

You kill somebody, no mail. They want to close all prisons, outlaw American energy, confiscate your guns, forced taxpayers to finance abortion, they want to ban charter schools, abolish school choice, destroy our beautiful suburbs. Want to destroy.

I have done more for suburbia when they talk about the suburban woman, will she vote for trump? If she doesn't, when she doing? They want to force low income housing into suburbia.

And now the one that wants to do it is cory booker. Cory booker is a disaster. You saw him running for President He quit when he started getting below 1%. How about all these people? How about kamala.

Kamala runs, one of the favorites sort of, and she goes from 15 to 13 to 12 to nine to seven, five, four, about one, she got out. She didn't even get to iowa. She never got there.

She didn't want to think about. That is how bad she was. Don't you want to think about a person that has gone in the opposite direction? [applause] but there is something that is not good going on there. I don't think it was a good choice. It was my number-one draft pick, I did say that, they said, how do you like the choice and I said, that is my number-one draft pick.

That is my standpoint. But think about it, she was one of the favorites and she went down like a rock. So it is one of those things. I believe it is one of the worst things going on now, the abolition of police or even the partial abolition of police.

So we have to expose this dangerous, left-wing movement. We must defeat it, and with an optimistic vision for America's future, we can be greater than ever before. We will be greater than ever before.

With your help, that is what we are going to do. We will once again build the greatest economy in history. We had it. We had to let it go to save millions of lives, and now we are building it again.

We will fully restore America's manufacturing independence, bring home our critical supply chains, and permanently end our reliance on China. We are going to lower drug prices. [applause] we are going to lower drug prices at a level that has never been lower before. I am the only President In 51 years that lowered drug prices. They went down a little bit.

Not much, but a little bit. But under obama and biden, they went up 52%. 52%. We will create a health care system that protects vulnerable patients, lowers costs, we have transparency.

It is already done. It is approved. It kicks into effect in january.

This is going to lower your hospital stays, your doctor's bills, gives you more choice and controls, and we are going to deliver the highest quality care that our great American patients and people and seniors deserve. We will provide school choice to every parent in America. [applause] we will appoint more conservative judges and justices. [applause] we will protect religious liberty, defend the lives of the unborn, and safeguard the second amendment and your right to keep and bear arms. So important. We will restore patriotic education to our schools.

[applause] what they are teaching students today is incredible. There, home, it is like a different world. What is it, 1619 now? They changed.

Now they are thinking of making another change, because they don't like that. 1492. Columbus discovered America, right? Now columbus, they are ripping them down.

Poor christopher. Except for in one italian neighborhood in new york, they didn't get away with it. Did you see that?

Did you see it? The anarchists said, let's get that hell -- the hell out of here, this is dangerous. We love that area. I know it very well they were all set, surrounding it, the ropes going, the whole deal, all of a sudden they said, let's get out of here.

[laughter] great. Christopher columbus. Can you believe it? Christopher columbus.

We will restore patriotic education to our schools and teacher were children to love their country, honor our history and respect our great American flag. [laughter] -- [applause] so this is the vision we believe in. And with your help, your talent, and you have an incredible talent in this room, and your devotion, this is the bright future, not the dark future that you saw last night and for the last four days. This is a bright future that we will deliver for all americans. I promise you this. As long as I am the President Of the United States, I will fight with every ounce of energy and strength.

And I have no doubt that our country will be greater than ever before. Thank you, all, very much.