ID: CSPANDT91202029
Title: President Trump Rally in Toledo, Ohio
Date: 2020-01-09

thank you very much Vice president Mike pence for a good job you're doing. Hello toledo, we love toledo. [cheering] you remember I was here a lot, you remember 2016, what year that was, right? [cheering] and 2020 is going to be even better, no doubt. [cheering] I am thrilled to hold the first rally of 22 moroni right here in the great state of ohio.

[cheering] and as we begin the new year, our economy is booming. Wages are soaring, workers are thriving, and America's future has never ever looked brighter. [cheering] wit we are the envy of every country in the world. We have created 7 million brand-new jobs since our election.

[cheering] and we will soon be replacing the disaster known as nafta with the incredible brand-new usmc a, the historic victory for ohio farmers, workers, and manufacturers. But really a great victory for the United States, it's an incredible agreement. [cheering] you remember I came and I talked about, I always talk about how better trade deals are.

We did a brand-new and with korea. So now we have South Korea we just finished a big $140 billion with japan on general 15th we are signing a monster, a big beautiful monster, 40 to $50 billion to our farmers, that's our farmers will be taken and I keep saying go by larger tractors. Go by larger tractors, there's no way, I don't if you know the story but my people wanted 20 billion in purchases, that's a lot of money that's a lot of corn. $20billion.

And I said make it 50. China heard me and they said okay. They said sir, the farmers can't produce that much. I said let the farmers tell me that, tell them to go out, and remember to go buy a bigger what?

Buy a bigger tractor. So 40 to $50 billion of agricultural product in the manufacturers and the car companies, we brought a lot of car countries into ohio, you know that. A lot of them are coming in, a lot of them have already been brought in. They're coming in from japan, they are coming in from all over the world.

This is where they want to be they want to come into the United States. I used to go around and talk about how everyone is leaving, they were all leaving. A lot of you are victims of that leaving. These companies will even go to mexico, they would leave to go to canada they would close up from China. Now they are all coming back, new ones and old ones, they are all coming back and many are coming right here to ohio.

[cheering] and just in case you didn't know it, ohio just had the best year economically in the history of your state. That's not bad. [cheering] [applause] and this year is going to be even better, it's going to be much better. But weeks ago I signed the largest ever investments in the United States military, $738 billion, and we created this sixth branch of the United States armed forces, the Space Force. And everybody is excited about that.

[cheering] usa. Usa. Usa.

Usa. Usa. After years and years of devastating defense cuts, we have fully rebuilt of the United States military, some of it still coming in.

We have everything. We've got new planes, we've got new rockets new missiles, new everything. And it's either here or coming in. $2.5trillion in new investments.

Our military is now stronger and more powerful than ever before. [cheering] and if you remember, three years ago when I took over we were depleted, our military was totally depleted. And by the way speaking of our military, have we taken care of our vets. [cheering] with choice.

That was a big thing. I used to go around and the va was a terrible situation. People would wait weeks and he is right they say yes it was.

You don't hear too much about that anymore. Choice and accountability. You know what accountability is. For 44 years they tried to get accountability.

That's somebody who works over the va you couldn't fire them. They could be sadistic, they could be thieves, they could be whatever they were, you could not get rid of them. We got accountability approved and now we say you are fired get out. Will get somebody else. [cheering] forty-four years.

[cheering] when maybe most importantly of all, choice. Va, veterans choice. So now you wait in line and a lot of times you be waiting in lines for for five or six weeks. You could not see a doctor. Now if you have to wait, you go out to a private doctor, you get yourself taken care of, we pay the bill.

What a difference it has made. [cheering] you know when I was a little bit newer to this game. That's okay, go home to mommy.

They're going home to mommy. They are going home to mommy. It's a beautiful sights. Thank you security.

Do we love law-enforcement by the way? [cheering] so with the va haggis to go around and say why don't they do that? Why don't they go to private doctor work something out. And I thought it was a brilliant plan. I said I am telling you I'm such a smart guy. [laughter] I said this is the most brilliant thing ever.

I went back to my people and a set I have an idea. If a veteran sick and they can't get the kind of service they need or they sit need a certain kind of doctor, I have an idea, such a great idea. You are getting go out to the private your get a pick up a doctor and get yourself fixed up. We are going to pay the bill, right? And you know what happened?

They said how brilliant is that. They said sir, we have been working on that for 48 years, but we have never been able to get it approved. So is very, very disillusioned but you know what I'm good at? Getting things approved and we got it approved. [cheering] so we signed that 11 months ago, and what a difference that has made in terms of your lives in people's health. People would wait in line for weeks, and some people weren't very sick, and then end up being terminally ill because they couldn't get to see a doctor.

Now they go out out to get a doctor and we take care of it we take care of our vets. [cheering] so we are using this great power, not to pursue conflicts, but to really preserve, and I mean that in the truest sense of the word preserve peace. We have this tremendous military, and you know what that is?

That's a great fighting force and I hope we never have to use it. I really do. [cheering] you saw an example of that a couple of days ago. So we seek friends not enemies.

But if you dare to threaten our citizens, you do so at your own grave peril. [cheering] we've never had a military, what we have now, we've never had anything like it. We were looking at planes that were old and tired. Fifty to 60-year-old planes, you've heard this story, the grandfather flew in the sun flume, the current wonderful person flew them the whole family flew them. Those are all gone now folks, those are all gone.

[applause] in october of last year u.s. Special operation forces executed a daring raid that killed the bloodthirsty founder and leader of ISIS, the animal known as al-baghdadi is dead. [cheering] [cheering] and the entire ISIS is destroyed and his terrorists empire, and he was a monster, has been totally demolished. We killed the thousands and thousands of ISIS warriors fighters, and we have thousands of them right now locked up where they should be. Nobody has ever done what we've done in three years.

[cheering] and I will say this, when we took it over, it was a mess. We did it in a short period of time. But when we took it over it was not good.

And last week the United States once again took the bold and decisive action to save American lives and deliver American justice. And you know what I'm talking about. [cheering] for years the sadistic mass murderer, qassem soleimani planned and executed attacks against American targets killing and wounding thousands of u.s.

Service members and many, many thousands and even hundreds of thousands of other people. As the leader of Iran, terrorists cuts force, soleimani spread death, destruction and mayhem, across the Middle East and far beyond. He ordered the violent assaults on the American embassy in baghdad and you saw this was the anti- ben ghazi. We got there very quickly. We got there very quickly, this is just the exact opposite.

We did it exactly the opposite of benghazi where they got there so late, all they saw when they got there days later were burning embers from days before. [cheering] we got there very early, we saw what was happening, I saw what was happening and said what is that all about? And that was going to be another benghazi had they broken through the final panels of glass.

They were breaking it and breaking it had they gotten through we would've had either hundreds of dead people or hundreds of hostages, and that was not going to happen. I called up our great generals I said get them over there now. [cheering] and one of our leaders, one of our really admired people said sir, we will have them there tomorrow I said nope, get in the planes right now have them there immediately and they got there immediately.

[cheering] fortunately, but he directed the recent rocket strikes that wounded for American service members, badly wounded and killed an American citizen. That was just before we happened to hit him. Soleimani was actively planning new attacks and he was looking very seriously at our embassies and not just the embassy in baghdad, but we stopped him and we stopped him quickly, and we stopped him cold.

[cheering] so at my direction the United States military eliminated qassem soleimani and ended his rampage through, not only that part of the world, but a much bigger parts of the world, he was all over. He was a bad guy, he was a bloodthirsty terror and he is no longer a terror asked. He is dead.

And yet now I see the radical left Democrat have expressed outrage over the termination. [booing] of this horrible terrorist. And you know instead, they should be outraged by soleimani's savage crimes and his countless victims were denied justice for so long.

You know he was the king of the roadside bombs, you know what the roadside bombs are and they got bigger and then they'd send them over to afghanistan and iraq. And when you see our friends and her great wounded warriors and our warriors when you see them without their legs, or an arm and there is so much damage. It's most likely that he caused that damage because that's what he likes. He loved planting the roadside bombs.

So now he is gone and that's a good thing. [cheering] bernie sanders, crazy bernie,. [booing] has condemned the u.s. Military strike from soleimani, the world's top terrorist. Think about the world's top terrorist and we have people from nancy pelosi. [booing] do you believe that one?

Nancy, nervous nancy. But he is the guy who slaughtered and butchered civilians all over. And the military, whoever was in his way. And we have bernie and nancy pelosi all involved trying to say how dare you take him out that way, you should get permission from Congress. You should come in and tell us what you want to do.

[booing] you should come in and tell us so that we can call up the fake news that's back there and we can leak it. [cheering] [cheering] that's a lot of corruption back there. [cheering] no, no but seriously, so they want me -- these are split-second decisions you have to make the decision. So they don't want me to it make that decision, they want me to it call up, maybe go over there. You me to it go over to Congress are coming over the white House and we'll talk about it.

When can you make it I will build a make it today sir, let's say a couple of days. See meco sure come on over. Note we've got to call, we heard where he was, we knew the way he was getting there, and we had to make a decision. We didn't have time to call up nancy, who is not operating with a full deck. [cheering] [cheering] now they want us to call, can you imagine calling crooked adam schiff.

[booing] he is so crooked. Shifty shift. Seiji adam how are you doing, listen we have the world's number-one terrorist, he's killed thousands and thousands of people. We would like to set up a meeting so we can discuss his execution.

Would you be willing, while it will be able to make it this week, you know he's traveling fast. We've got them lined up adam, you little pencil neck. [cheering] [cheering] [inaudible] he has the smallest shirt collar you can get, and it is loose. [laughter] now come on adam we've got to meet faster adam, we've got them lined up with got to take this guy out. We are not going to have another shot at him maybe ever again. But I can't make it now because I'm trying to impeach trunk.

[laughter] even though he did nothing wrong, by the way to juice see I did nothing wrong. They don't even know what the hell is going on. In fact it is so weak she doesn't want to put in the articles, they are so weak. They are so pathetic.

They are so pathetic. So they want us to call them now schiff is the big leaker. He leaks the crazy cnn see that little red light on.

[cheering] not too many people are watching cnn. But he leaks so he will say you know off the record, with got to hurry up because everybody is watching me in the hallway on myself own. Off the record, they've got the number one terrorist in the world, soleimani, they are gonna get them.

They're gonna take him out in the next ten minutes. , please don't tell anybody I told you. So we have breaking news, President Trump within the next 20 to 25 minutes looks to be taking out terrorists General Soleimani. He's going to do it should be happening in the next 20 minutes, thank you. [laughter] them and get back to the battlefield in order to go fellas, I don't know he disappeared we do not happen to them they want us to tell them so that they can leak it to their friends and the corrupt media. [booing] you've got to say though that's a lot of media.

That is the way the academy awards used to look when it was successful. Then they started hitting us all the time, and it became unsuccessful. I love it.

I love it. [applause] oh to have some veterans here tonight. There are some really bad when some really sick ones.

They have one good one by the way. One good one. [cheering] I have one good one. But lots of bad ones. Very, very dishonest people, and we have some great ones too we have some great journalists and reporters. But there are a tremendous number of dishonest media people.

Like I have never seen in my life before. They write things they know are wrong, they writes, if you watch for the last three years, think of it. And then they get pulitzer prizes when they were all wrong. How do you do that? Get pulitzer prize for being wrong.

The pulitzer prize doesn't mean a thing. It doesn't mean a thing. I'm going to tell you about the nobel priest price I will tell you about that. I made a deal, I saved our country, and I just heard that the head of that country is now getting the nobel peace prize for saving the country.

I said what did I have something do with it? Yes as long as we know, that's all that matters. [cheering] I saved a big war, there's a couple of them. But under my administration we will never make excuses for America's enemies. We will never hesitate in defending American lives.

And we will never stop working to defeat radical islamic terrorism. [cheering] and it nobody has it like we've done it. And it is weak, we, it is not me it is we. There has never been a movement like this.

I don't know what this place holds like ten or 11000 people, outside you have thousands and thousands of people who want to get in. There has never been a movement like this. There's never been a movement. [cheering] and I will tell you, maybe I'm wrong, but this is bigger than it was in 2016.

Because, in 2016 I said what we are going to do. But now I have completed more promises than I have made. I've actually completed more.

[cheering] right? Four more years. Four more years. Four more years.

Four more years. As an example many of you were here, look at all those beautiful red hats. Keep America great. That's cool. [cheering] it I never talked about did you ever hear me during the election talk about Space Force?

I never talked about Space Force did we ever speak about it, no. There's many things we have done that we didn't talk about. Like right to try. They have been trying to get it for 44 years, right to try. It's people who are very sick terminally ill, and they can't get medicine that possibly works in very well. We have the greatest labs and doctors in the world.

The greatest scientists and medicines in the world. If they have something they are pretty sure is going to work that's going to take another six years, they would travel to Asia, they would travel to Europe, they would travel all over the world to try to get a cure because we would not sell them the medicine. Because we didn't want to take a chance on making the people sick. I said wait a minute they're going to die. They are going to die.

While sir we can't take the liability. I said them will drop a statement assessing all liability, taking all liability away from the country away from the insurance companies. Away from the healthcare companies. Away from the doctors.

[cheering] and with the great help of the lot of Republican, and we had some Democrat help us, we pass right to try. And you have to see how this works. Many people are being saved. You know the drug companies did like it because they did not want to take people that sick because they did not want them. Then we won't include that will keep a separate list over here.

They said zero would you do that? I said yes I will do that. But I didn't talk about right to try, I never said I got it done and I got it done. That sounds tough there's nothing easy in this country.

A friend of mine said to me the other day who is the toughest country to deal with mr. President. He used to call mcdonald's and I've known this guy a long time I'd like to say 20 years but it's much longer than that. I just don't want to tell you because it's too long.

I said call me donald you've always called me donald. He says I can't your mr. President. He'd say hey donald scott to dinner before, and now he'll say let's go out to dinner.

Now he says mr. President sir, how are you. What? How are you? But what we've done and he called and said what you've done he's never seen a thing like it. So many people are saying that.

We are altogether doing something not only in terms of the election, not only in terms of what were doing right now, don't forget it's a long ways until the election. We've got ten months, that's a long way. This is my first stop of the year first major stop of the year.

[cheering] [applause] this is it, let's do one of those calls right now do you mind? Is there anything more fun than a trump rally? Here we are.

So we have the greatest phrase of all times make America great again. I am a little superstitious I will never end it. Make America great again. Icl this hats changing a little bit. But make America great again, and I said you know today, we just hit the highest stock price in the history of our country. So your 4o1k.

[cheering] so your 401ks are at records, your stocks are great, but what really means to me is jobs more important than anything else. We have the best jobs, the best everything, right? So we just hit, but I can't say make America great again, our military is been rebuilt we are doing great numbers economically our country is the strongest is ever been, you have factories moving back into ohio you never saw anything like it right? So when I say make America great again, with assorted means is we didn't get there, but we did get there. So now I have a new theme, it's called keep America great.

Keep America great. [cheering] now, I am a very loyal person. And I am concerned about changing the theme because make America great again was the greatest political campaign in history. [cheering] I mean kirk and hilary, spent. [booing] spent three or four more times then us. So crooked hilary you should lock her up I will tell you.

Crooked hilary spent three or four times more, so I want to be -- and I have to say that was a great campaign. In I don't want to change it. I don't want to have this incredible 2016 in goa something, something ever happens as countries get to go to hell, hate to see it.

You know the records, you're going to have records because it used sudafed happens you will see things happen that are good. But I have to now safe joy want to change the greatest theme in political history? Make it American great again with keep America great. Right? [cheering] so, let's take a little applause okay right?

We'll go make America great clap if you like that are most say keep America great clap if you like that. Okay ready first, make America great again. [applause] [cheering] ready, keep America great. [cheering] [applause] [cheering] [cheering] [cheering] usa. Usa usa.

You like all that? That's like a free pole. That's a free pole, and we are doing great in the polls by the way. We segment talk about the polls we will start talking about that soon. We are doing great in the polls. This is like a free pole, other people would have all this money and they give somebody a million dollars and they will ask 200 people that question.

And then they will say well, make America great again is better. But I will tell you, I haven't heard one thing when that is true. I would've said instinctively, make America great again could not be beaten. I have probably done this ten times, I have never had it win. It's keep America great, and that's what we are doing. So we will use both.

[cheering] and we are going to use both. [cheering] because there is no way that I'm going to make America great again. There is no way, but this hat is a hot seller we are selling that hat like nobody's ever sold a hat before. [cheering] keep America great, we are going to use both but keep America great, that's probably going to be the dominant theme.

So for those years the obama administration with the regime. Big gave iraq $150 billion including. [inaudible] [booing] and a hard cash. Can you imagine?

1.7, $1.8 billion in cash. So the foolish Iran nuclear deal finance iranian aggression while allowing a quick path to nuclear breakout. That's what it did and it by the way it expires so soon they can have nuclear weapons. Not that they didn't did not before.

But they will not have nuclear weapons. [cheering] by subsidy subsidizing the last administration was leading us down the path of war. We are restoring our world to the path of peace. Peace through strength. Speed through strength. And our country is doing great and I think something is going to happen that is good we sanctioned the hell out of Iran.

[cheering] they hit us with 16 missiles and I said to how many, we were ready to go. We were ready to go. I said how many? How many died question how many were wounded? So I heard sir, none. [cheering] [applause] we had a good warning system.

None. How many were hurt? None sir. So we didn't do anything. We were ready. We were ready.

Not that I wanted to, but we were ready. You have no idea. A lot of people got very lucky. We are thrilled to be joined tonight by many great Republican leaders.

And man whose help me right from the beginning of very special guy representative bill johnson. Where is bill. Thank you bill.

Thank you bill. Great job. Great job.

And his fellow friends, jim jordan. [cheering] we have a lot of your congressmen are right now in Congress. They said sure should become with you? I said nope stay back and vote.

They're voting on some pretty important stuff. We thank you bill very much. A great warrior, thank you bill. [cheering] ohio lieutenant governor jon houston. Thank you jon.

Thank you jon. Great job. State treasurer, robert spray, thank you roberts.

And you have a lot more money in the bank right now, robert as treasurer than you ever did? Ohio supreme court justice judy french. Thank you judy. [cheering] great job.

State Senate President Amanda highly respected larry. [inaudible] [cheering] thank you larry. And a woman who is really become a great friend of mine, she took over this party, we fought like hell. We had some other people that had their mind on taking over the party, but they never had a chance against jane. [cheering] and the man who was in charge of my campaign in ohio, I had a choice of five people.

I said I like this guy's name. I don't know why his name is bob but do check. Why do I like his name? I said bob, how are we doing he said we are going to win big sur because you keep hearing you cannot win unless you win the great state of ohio. That's these guys. [cheering] and once I was leading ohio by a lot in the polls, they never said that anymore.

They were saying it when they thought I was not going to win but we were ahead right from the beginning. But bob did a fantastic job. And bob I call him up and I'd say bob we don't have the governor, we don't have the head of the Republican party, it's a minor problem is running as a Republican. And he pumped out on us.

We don't have any and he said sir you have the people. [cheering] I said so bob let me ask you out of curiosity, I don't have the leaders with us. Is that good? Or bad? He said sir that's great you just went up three points.

He said don't worse or you are going to win and we won by a lot and now you have to understand we are up a lot more than we ever thought possible. [inaudible] [cheering] thank you bob. And thanks to Republican leadership, can you believe this?

I have a 95% approval rating. Can you believe it? [cheering] and you know who's set. [inaudible] we do, we do, and ronald reagan an 87%. [cheering] and then one of these characters back there, they put me in likeness with the great abraham lincoln. So who do you like better?

Trump or abraham lincoln? I said abraham. [cheering] [inaudible] [cheering] I said who do you like better and they did a poll, they set I think I remember the numbers all you know is we won against abraham, honest abe. We won. Fifty-three to 47, do you believe that? Abraham lincoln.

I would back to the first lady nice at first lady, I just beat abraham lincoln and a pole. I don't know if they have pulls back then, but abraham lincoln, I can always say can be more presidential than any candidate than any ran that any President Other than maybe abraham lincoln when he's wearing his hat. [laughter] but I like abe lincoln, but we are doing well. We have a lot of support.

Because our country is doing so well. Our country is doing so well. And when we went out, we started, we went right to the top of the polls. It wasn't like these folks today. They are 2% or 3% in their climbing. We were right to the top from day one.

We never missed a centerstage in those debates. We actually got higher ratings, they don't get good ratings anymore. I should watch, I'm supposed to watch but it's like my job tried watch. Watch the competition. But it's like watching death.

[laughter] those debates are boring. They are boring. You have to sit through those things for two or three hours you got to be really committed to the country to do that. [laughter] you have some real beauties. Did you see pocahontas? [laughter] and bernie, bernie is going up.

He's surging. [booing] crazy bernie is surging. And biden doesn't know the difference between Iran and iraq. He's gotten the wrong four times. [laughter] : : where is hunter? Now, I said we have to have wears hunter as a witness and they said where is hunter and I'm now made his first name wears.

Where's hunter? Here is a guy who made no money, got thrown out of the military or the navy, got thrown out, had no job, no nothing and went from that to 19 making millions of dollars a year as soon as sleepy joe became vice president. Made millions of dollars a year and with anybody in this room would do that for millions -- I would. [laughter] he made millions and millions of dollars a year in ukraine took care of him how about China?

He walked out with 1.5 billion to manage and never did it before. He did not know anything about oil and gas and making a fortune. Where is hunter? Where the hell are you hunter? I will tell you I sort of hope it's a joke because he will hear wears hunter every single debate nine times a debate.

[cheering and applause] then you have mayor pete booted judge and no one can pronounce how the hell to say his name so they call them mayor pete. Mayor pete. Here comes mayor pete. Doesn't do a good job. Howdy doody. Howdy doody.

Probably a lot of people remember alfred and don't say that but he looked much younger than that, I must say. You have mayor pete and give me a break. Can you believe mayor pete this will be the President Of the United States? How will he be against negotiating President Xi of China?

We just made one hell of a deal. You will see the numbers very soon. One hell of a deal. [cheering and applause] they did not like those tariffs and thanked the Republican leadership America is winning again and America, most importantly, is respected again, respected like never before. [cheering and applause] and you know, for years NATO has taken advantage of the United States.

We protect Europe from Russia and the numbers have been going down for many, many years, 15 years, 18 years and the numbers are like a roller coaster. I went over and said you got to pay your bills. You are delinquent. And then they don't like me.

They said we like obama better. They should like obama better. Obama would go in and say thank you for coming, appreciate it, bye-bye, I'm going back to washington. I'll be violating the carbon footprint.

I'm going to hawaii to play golf. I tried to play a round of golf and it does not cost them anything but he flies to hawaii but if I drive 20 minutes it's like he's playing golf today. He violates the carbon footprint but just think of it, think of where we have come.

Think of where we have come. A great Congressman From tennessee and they have a great state and very early voting probably the earliest and he said I don't know, I just left tennessee and this was in november and this was the election 2016 and said I just left this incredible state of mind and I love that state. Sir, we've seen lines of people that did not vote before because you never were inspired to vote and these are people that never voted. They had hats on of trump and pins for trump.

Trump, trump, trump. [cheering and applause] they have the bands on like a ms. Universe that says trump pens and they have buttons all over and shirts same trump and trump pens and I never saw anything like it. If every state is like tennessee sir, I hate to tell you but you will have one hell of a victory and that's what happened. [cheering and applause] you did it.

You did it and I think we will have your numbers, even bigger numbers because I will tell you what, we are a long way from the election but I think the crowds today are bigger than they were the day before the election. Last time. [cheering and applause] you know, elizabeth warren, sadly referred to, she of great indian heritage, remember I use to say I have more indian blood in me that she has and I have a song. I turned out to be right.

But you look at what she is doing and what she is saying the lives -- lies and deceit and fraud. We are going to do so great and it will be something that will be special. It will be for the record books, the evangelicals call some of the greatest pastors, ministers, preachers and they just called today five of the most respected people and they said things that were incredible and they said there's never been anything like this in the church they can remember some of it have been doing for 30, 40 years and they have said they've never seen enthusiasm like we see for this President And for this presidency, all of us, like we have right now. [cheering and applause] the great franklin graham, billy graham's son, fantastic man and he said two weeks ago my father, billy graham, voted for donald trump. He never said that before.

Billy graham wasn't somebody who would vote and say he voted but franklin graham said billy graham may be the greatest of all, may be the greatest of all time he said, my father, billy graham, who was very old at the time and trouble and he was not well and he voted for donald trump at what a great tribute that was to meet. Great family. Unemployment has reached the lowest level in over 51 years. African-American, hispanic americans and asian American on deployment have all reached the lowest rates ever, ever, ever recorded.

[cheering and applause] wages are rising fast and going up very fast and the biggest percentage increase, makes me happy, are for blue-collar workers. [cheering and applause] 40 million -- think of this, 40 million American families are now benefiting from the Republican child tax credit e, each receiving an average of over $2200 a year. Now, America -- this is hard to believe but this is what happened. It's probably the number one reason I'm running.

America lost 60000 factories under the previous administrations. 60000. You would not believe that's possible but I know it's true because I've set it 50 times and the fakers back there have never corrected me. No, it's true. If I were slightly off and if it were -- if I was up by two factories there would be a headlight donald trump told a fib. Donald trump gets to be a pinocchio again.

No, think of it. 60000 factories, plants and factories closed. They went to mexico and China and the 60000 -- take a look at a map and put 60000 little -- you would not believe it to be that many but it is. 60000 closed. Gone. They are all coming back.

[cheering and applause] right now in a very short time we have added 12000 brand-new factories and many more are coming in. [cheering and applause] one of the reasons they are coming in is we've illuminated a record number of job killing regulations saving the average American household $3000 a year in total income gains for median household will reach over ready, $10000 for a family. [cheering and applause] $10000 a family.

I wanted the bush administration for $10000 and that includes what we've done in median income in a matting and they are the tax cuts which are tremendous, $2400 and adding regulation cuts and the whole package over $10000. Under President Bush it was $450. Under barack obama it was $975, under President Donald j trump it has been $10000. [cheering and applause] in three years, don't forget, President Bush eight years, $450. President obama, eight years, $975.

President trump, three years, not even, not even. But three years, $10000. [cheering and applause] now we are going up.

We ended the last administrations war on American energy and we ended the war on clean, beautiful coal and it is being shipped to vietnam and being shipped all over the world while every Democrat running for President Wants to shut down our coal mines we are putting our minors back to work. [cheering and applause] clean coal. What they do with goal today is incredible. Clean coal.

With help of energy workers right here in ohio the United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world by far. [cheering and applause] we were number one and every top democratic candidate has pledged to illuminate American production of oil and natural gas. How does that work by the way? [crowd boos] there is a state known as texas and I one that states by a lot just like ohio, how would you like to go to texas and say we don't want your oil, or natural gas anymore. Do you remember beto?

He said I was born to be President And anybody that says that and I said that's the end of his career. He had the cover of the magazine and I won't mention the magazine. He was going to be President And right after that he came tumbling down he is from texas so he was against religion and against oil and against guns. Abraham lincoln could not win in texas with that platform.

That's not a good platform. You have people that want to shut down the oil industry and if you do that you shut down half your businesses, really more than that. The rest will not be able to play because the cost of energy would be so expensive. We have all forms of energy and we are doing great but they want to cripple your state's economy but the voters of ohio will never let that happen. You will never let that happen.

[cheering and applause] our air and our water right now is cleaner than it's been in 40 years. [cheering and applause] sadly, I can't say historic because a couple hundred years ago there was no one here. I assume two, 300 years ago it was cleaner probably, you never no, but our water and air is as clean as it's ever been and I took us out of that horrible paris accord and I always say how are you doing with the paris accord? Don't ask.

They have trillions of dollars and that was put in there to hurt us, in my opinion. It was put in there to hurt us. We were paying money to india and money to China and China did not kick in until 2030.

We kicked in immediately and had to pay money. Russia kicked in and let's see, they kicked in before they were weight, 1996. That was a very dirty time of air so we kick in now and it's just unacceptable. We would have spent trillions and trillions of dollars we would've had to close up, I think, at least 25-30% of our businesses.

Who the hell would make a deal like that? Right? Who the hell? You look at Russia and China and look at india and they all got these massive breaks. We got no breaks and pain money and I say sometimes to friends how are the yellow vests working out? They don't like raising their taxes and sending the money to faraway places that they'd never heard of.

We are in good shape and it took a certain amount of courage to do that and I said I will get killed on this one and I didn't and I was applauded because the people get it. The people know what we are doing and tired to be ripped off by the rest of the world. Their tide of being ripped off by the rest of the world and for decades career politicians promised to defend the workers of ohio and then they went to washington and voted for the same globalist policies that devastated your communities and shipped away your jobs. You know that better than anyone, ohio knows that. But but the betrayal of ohio workers ended the day I took the oath of office and you see that.

I immediately canceled the obama administration, job killing catastrophe which would have dealt a death blow to the United States auto industry and the transpacific partnership. It was a disaster that would be worse than nafta. I always say the worst deal and I think that would have been worse and would have taken the car industry and many of your industries and that was a set up for the United States to get fleeced. The u.s. Mca will save the American auto industry created over 100,000 new auto jobs and our factories will not be closing and moving to other faraway lands.

We will keep it right here. [cheering and applause] that is going to include because we take care of our great autoworkers of toledo and the hope of jeep. How good his jeep?

I have taken the toughest ever action against China's product trade abuses including tariffs on $370 billion worth of chinese made goods my bringing billions and billions of dollars into our treasury and I gave some of that money because they were targeted to our farmers and farmers did just fine and now the deal is done and the other deals are done and the farmers are doing very well. We love our farmers. They never complain. They never complain. When they go and talk to the farmers, what you think a President Trump? China is deciding not to buy anymore and they say the farmers say we will have to suffer for a while because China and these other nations have been ripping us off for years and the President Is right and we are with the president.

How great is that? How great is that? But our strong action paid off and we will sign that terrific and fully enforceable phase one trade deal with China and again we are keeping the tariffs on because we will use it for another line.

We are taking billions, remember what I said? Were not paying for it because China devalued their currency and put money into the pot but were not paying for it now the saudis say he was right and is our trade deficit has come substantially down. It was just in the papers today. The trade deficit has come down as a result of our actions steel meals all across ohio are roaring back to life. Js w steel is investing $500 million in mingo junction, republic steel is reopening the lorraine mill that they idled in 2016, charter steel is building 81 under $50 million mill in cuyahoga heights and $85 million is being invested in a facility in marion, ohio. Think of that.

Think of that. The steel industry was dead and now it is vibrant. All told, American steel companies are currently making $13 billion worth of new investments all across our nation.

Think of that. They weren't investing ten cents cents. The industry was dead and now it's vibrant. After years of rebuilding other nations we are finally rebuilding our nation and finally putting America first. [cheering and applause] while we are creating jobs and killing terrorists washington Democrat are wasting americans time with demented hoaxes and crazy witchhunts and think of it. From the day I came down that escalator it started.

Who the hell else could have taken the stuff? Do I get some credit for that? Two most guys would have been in the corner with their thumb in their mouth saying mommy, mommy, take me home. These are bad people. The democratic politicians we are fighting today are the same ones who took a sledgehammer to ohio jobs in factories and destroyed your factories and destroyed your jobs they are losing and we are winning and America's combat continues full speed ahead. [cheering and applause] on no issue had Democrat politicians fought for trade then the illegal immigration.

Far left radical politicians support deadly sanctuary cities, demonstrating their contempt, scorn and disdain for everyday americans and the American family. These jurisdictions release dangerous violent criminal aliens out of their jails directly onto your street where they are free to rob, attack and kill American citizens but we stopped it. [cheering and applause] they want open borders. Can you believe it?

And because of Democrat open border policy they want open borders and they want people flowing. Come on in, come on in. Innocent americans are being brutalized and murdered by illegal aliens criminals. One key example here in ohio that you all know about an illegal alien went on a deadly crime spree attempting to rape a 14 -year-old girl then raping and murdering a 60 -year-old woman then is shooting another woman who took a shortcut through the park and was walking with her children and finally the police came.

We love our police. They were able to apprehend this terrible criminal. Thanks to Democrat policies ms 13 gang members are the worst. We are allowed to infiltrate the country. I called them animals and nancy pelosi said they are not animals. They are human beings.

Take a look at what's happening to her district. Her district is one of the most disgusting, dirtiest and used to be one of the best in the country but now it's a disgrace what has happened. Drug needles all over the place, the homeless are not taking care of, tensed down, major thoroughfares, what happened to san francisco in particular hurt -- her district as she lives in this beautiful House but they terrorized our citizens including killing their victims with machetes.

Ms 13. They killed him with machetes. Do you know why? Because it's more painful than using a gun. Federal authorities recently discovered and rounded up more than 20 file ms 13 gang members in central ohio and they will be sent to jail or frankly, if they hold them, I don't know that they hold them, they will be sent the hell back home. [cheering and applause] last year alone ice officers, who by the way our heroes, brave people.

I don't want to do it, you don't want to do it and you could do it over there. Most of you -- they have these people that are like killers and our guys are here and they want to call them nests. They're running and swinging and I say what the hell kind of job is that but that's what they do.

They are tough people could great patriots. Who the hell wants to do it? They are incredible. They get scorned and we take out thousands and thousands of ms 13 numbers every single year and they throw them into the back of a van and we get them the hell out of our country. [cheering and applause] ice officers worked with ohio police to remove 1280 dangerous criminal aliens from your street and you see the difference between what it is now and do we have a problem over there? Go ahead.

Take your time. Take your time. Good. Thank you. Great job. Don't forget these people here, unlike you up there, people have been waiting for three days so they will be -- I don't know.

If I had to wait three days I think I would like your seats better. I like your seats better. But Democrat stand for crime, corruption and chaos. Republican stand for law order and justice. That's the way it is. [cheering and applause] we saw -- we do not side with lawbreaking criminal aliens.

We are removing these illegal criminals and gang members from our country by the thousands and is sending them home and we will not let them back in and I have to tell you a lot of things are happening and you will hear about it in two seconds thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border. Illegal crossings are down 75% since may. [cheering and applause] and we have ended catch and release, catch and release -- we catch them, take down their name and then we really separate what crap is that? These are the policies we inherited. You catch somebody, take their name and say please come back in three years and we release them into our country and if you don't do that everyone gets sued.

Can you believe this? We have ended catch and release. What about the lottery? Visa lottery?

What about this? They put their -- these people go to America and I will not use names because I will be accused of something but from honduras, guatemala, el salvador we have only in ohio could that happen. [laughter] who is the man that did that? [laughter] who is that?

Anyway, and honduras and guatemala they have this lottery and the people I've gotten to know the government officials and we made good things. They would not take their people back. They would send them here and going to our country and we bring them back underpass and ministrations and after that they would say were not taking the back and were not taking them back so take them the hell out of here were not letting you land your plane so we have a government client plane over trying to get a couple prisoners, bad people back, now they take them back.

You know why? Because I said will put tariffs on every single thing you sell and now they say we would love to take them back. We would love to take them back.

We will take them back gladly, sir. They cannot get them back and we take over these absolute thugs and these gang members and we bring them back and they would not accept them we cannot land the plane or get anything through the border and they come to the border this way but not that way. Now they take them back and they been great.

Now we pay them a lot of money, $500 million a year by year, can you believe that? I said look, we will not pay any money anymore because you're not treating us right. [cheering and applause] and they've been great. They've been great. They take them back. How many would you like to take them back?

Here is the big thing. You read it in the newspapers today in the fifth circuit court of appeals we won the big and beautiful lawsuit where they were suing us, the wall is being built. [cheering and applause] we built already a tremendous amount and we are releasing $4 billion of military construction funds to build the biggest section of the wall and it's literally being signed now and will be under construction very shortly in a couple of weeks. [cheering and applause] we've already built over 100 miles of wall, hundred miles. By the end of next year we will have a lot of the wall built and it's already having a big impact. How about the Democrat?

Walls don't work. We want technology. As a bubble you do connect they want drones. When people are rushing the caravans and having a drone fly around will not help you too much. Okay. Nothing like this.

Five years ago the Democrat all wanted to wall but they never could get it builds. They did not know how to build it. I do. I think we built 500 miles and we have more under contract but we won our big case. They said sir, we have good news. They overturned a horrible decision from the court and now you can fund the rest of the wall I said thank you very much.

Fifth circuit court of appeals. They want to have open borders and sanctuary cities in the radical Democrat have never been more extreme than they are right now. They are stone cold crazy. [cheering and applause] it is interesting that as I am saying this stuff they want crime and chaos but I say now I understand why they hate me. Their policies are a disaster.

They are bad politicians and horrible policies but they stick together and they are vicious. They are horrible people. What they do to people is a disgrace but they stick together and the rebel begins, thank you very much, Republican we were 196-nothing in the House and I have a feeling the Senate will be great also. We took in three Democrat. [cheering and applause] Congressman Andrew left their party and signed on for our party.

We've done is that no one has ever done before but the Democrat are taking their cues from the socialist bernie sanders and that girl. [crowd boos] omar, aoc, to leave, isn't she a nice woman? What a group but they are the leaders of the party. That is what happened and that's how they got into this impeachment, the leaders of the party are this aoc. [crowd boos] talib and omar. And pelosi meets them and shakes and quivers and is very -- but you know who the leader of your party is, all of you.

You are the leader of your party. But the Democrat are pushing a socialist takeover of healthcare that would strip 180 million americans of their private insurance plans and massively raise taxes on the middle class. A lot of you have private insurance. They will take them away from you but I don't like doing this and I did it with -- I came up with his great name and they came up with different softly said she was a total fraud and everyone believe me and she went down but then she came out and it doesn't help me to do it a year and half before the election.

That's why with the green new deal I want to say great things about it. I don't want to knock it and then say we will not use that. I like it when they say no longer can you fly airplanes, no longer can you have cows in the pasture and no longer can we do anything, we can't do anything anymore.

The green new deal, I love it, it's great and should be debated so what we are going to do very seriously we will not talk badly about them and we will say if they ask me about it the other day a gentleman just asked me backstage and said it's something that has to be considered in about two weeks before the election I will let you know the facts and this does not matter where we are too far ahead of the election. The green new deal, that's the beauty, it's amazing that I see this Congressman Who has been there and white hair, beautiful white hair, nope, not you. [laughter] he's with aoc. He is saying yes, we have to go and it's a green new deal and I'm saying is he for real?

I don't know if he believes it because he's been around for 20 years in Congress and I've seen him and know him a little bit and he's acting like he believes it but we will take our time and relax in about you will join some rallies about one month before and you will hear the real facts but I'm tired of talking them out of things ten months before the election. Bernie sanders healthcare plan would cost over $32 trillion, more money than we make in five years. That's more money than we will ever make. He is indeed crazy, no, no, let me take that back.

It's a great plan that we have to consider. Sure we have to consider his plan strongly. I will tell you what the fake news will do. They will take my last words and his great plan we have to consider it strongly and they will cut everything out in the front and say donald trump is in favor of bernie sanders green new deal. [crowd boos] they can do more with the tape than they can with a newspaper. They will do that but you will see it.

Trump supports this plan. They are sick. Republican will defend middle-class taxpayers and the right to keep the doctor of your choice. We will protect patients with pre-existing conditions and we will protect your pre-existing physician. You will have your physician. Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb right up until the moment of birth.

That is why I have asked Congress to prohibit late term because Republican believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. [cheering and applause] radical mcgrath's are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortions, socialism and blatant corruption. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family and the party of the American dream. We still have that American dream.

[cheering and applause] as of today we have him appointed 187 federal judges to interpret the constitution as written. Think of that. Two great supreme court judges. Think of that. 187 federal and court of appeal judges. Thank you President Obama.

He gave us 142 judges. Thank you very much, President Obama. We have a record we will appoint many more but first they had 142 judges and I said how many do we have an he said you have one of 42 and I said you got to be kidding me. I said may be one but certainly no more than one and they are like oh, they said you have 142 and I said you got to be kidding me how did this happen connect President Obama, President Obama did not get it done and by the way, mitch helped a lot, too. I have to say. Which helped a lot.

He helped a lot. Wasn't so easy. Mitch mcconnell aggressively combating the opioid epidemic and it is bad. In 2018 drug overdose deaths in ohio fell by, listen to this, 22%. Not good enough but 22.

Opioids. As we continue rebuilding our military we have restarted the legendary army tank factory in lima. [cheering and applause] we have authorized 441 new striker fighting combat vehicles and 453 tanks to be built in the buckeye state.

That's a lot of tanks. But wait, quick story. Okay. I'm proud of this one. They had this army take plant and in lima and I said what's going on and they closed it and they said they are, well, they're closing everything. When I came in they wanted to close everything.

I was President Elect around that time and I went to lima and the factory where they make these plants and they make the tanks and all these armored vehicles and I said people are amazing and you can never close us or reopen it again and they been doing this for many decades and this factory was incredible and I looked at the tanks they are making the best in the world. They are the best in the world and I said wait a minute, if you close this we will not -- where will you build tanks and this is the primary factory of the whole country and I think it might be the only country in the whole factory and I said what will be due? 's on them to China. Please send us 200 tanks and we don't want to send you any tanks and we will kick your asis.

We got to make our own tanks. You got to make our own tanks. I did something based on my instincts. Those instincts sometimes work better than anything. Based on my instinct I said you can't close this plant and I went to that plant and spent two, three hours talking to those who work there and I looked at the hydraulics and I love the whole thing, the world of tractors and all that stuff and I know a lot about it and I looked at the carbines and the metal and how perfect everything was in the tariffs and how perfect it fit and it would fit within 1100th of an inch and I said he will not be able to do this anyplace else and we will be expanding on military rebuilding so without will make our tanks and I said keep it open and it was all closed and is anyone here from lima?

Right. It was )-right-parenthesis they announced it was closed and it was all set to close and sometimes you can't close this plant and the numbers I just gave you were making almost 500 tanks. [cheering and applause] we will never reopen a place like that and you never could have gotten those workers they are skilled people and if you did it would cost you billions and billions of dollars to do it and would not have been as good as what you have so that was something I'm dead that I'm proud of that I really overrode a lot of talented people that wanted to close it. I recognize israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. [cheering and applause] we further recognize israeli sovereignty over the golan heights.

Fifty-two years. For years you watched the politicians apologize for America and now you have a President Who is standing up for americans and we are standing up for the great people of ohio. Great. At stake in our present battle is the survival of the American nation. If you want your children to inherit the blessings of generations of americans that have fought and died for an fought so hard to secure that we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020.

We have to win. All of these things that we've done can be undone and then you can have a country that goes to hell very fast very, very fast. Only this way can we save the America that we love and drain the washington swamp once and for all and I have seen that dirty rotten swamp better than anybody else in America. [cheering and applause] a lot of crooked people. Disgusting crooked people.

With your help we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, dependence to independence, poverty to prosperity and together we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane and lawful system of immigration. [cheering and applause] we will enact trade deals that results in more products, proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, made in the usa. [cheering and applause] we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the aids epidemic in America. Nobody knew that.

Could have been gone long before I got here. They had the technology but we are ending the aids epidemic in America within ten years but isn't that amazing? Who would've thought? Two who would've thought that possible? We will defend privacy, free-speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms.

[cheering and applause] above all we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that find us together as one big beautiful America. We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life and we believe that faith and family, not government and bureaucracy are the true American way.

[cheering and applause] we believe children should be taught to love our country, honor our history and to always respect our great American flag. [cheering and applause] we will always live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust. [cheering and applause] we stand on the shoulders of generations of ohio patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation. From cleveland to cincinnati, from dublin to dayton and from columbus to toledo this state is a proud home of proud families. [cheering and applause] ohio is where the wright brothers invented the airplane and where annie oakley got her gun.

Ohio is the state they gave us American legends and American heroes like thomas edison, neil armstrong and the great john glenn. Ohio is a place where strong American workers work the railroads and forged the steel that made America into the greatest and most powerful nation in the history of the world and we are making it greater than ever before. [cheering and applause] proud citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working and keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, winning two we are on movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God.

America is thriving like never before and ladies and gentlemen of ohio the best is yet to come. [cheering and applause] together we will make America wealthy again and we will make America strong again and we will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. We will make America great again. In queue, toledo.

Thank you.