ID: CSPANDT208202053
Title: President Trump Remarks in Pennsylvania
Date: 2020-08-20

I'm not sure if that old boy there even knows what he's talking about. The unions are a joke in this country anymore. They fire people, replace them with mexicans, illegals, and then they turn right around and tell us how we like it.

Kamala harris, I'm disappointed in her. She said joe biden was a racist. I ain't heard her say that no more.

(music) (music) (music) (music) thank you very much. This is great. We love the state. We won the state. I don't know if you know it's going on outside, but that's as many people as you can possibly have all the way back , how did you get in? That's my question.

I know you are special friends of a group that have been a really good job and I want to thank you for being here. Pennsylvania has been very important to me. I went to school in pennsylvania, college, and I love it. Please, sit down. By the time I finished, I'm going to have a nice sunburnt right here.

Where's my sunblock? I want to thank everybody. And 75 days, we are going to win this state, we are going to win four more years. They've had us under siege and we beat them and we beat them and we keep eating them, but you've never seen anything , no President Should have to go through what we've gone through.

No president. It should never happen. I watched President Obama last night and I watched him talking about everything and I had to put it out I said but he spied on our campaign and he got caught. That's about that , about as bad a thing as you can imagine.

If that happens to another campaign on the others, they would have had 25 people in jail for many years, already. It's a disgrace. But, in three years and what we have done in just a short time, there's been no administration that has accomplished what we have accomplished and that's despite pandemics, despite all the opposition and the witchhunts, the phony witchhunts, no administration has done what we have done. We have secured our borders, brought back our manufacturing jobs, rebuilt our military, white out the ISIS caliphate 100%, killed our terrorist enemies, achieved American energy independence and guess what? We are just getting started.

That's a small part of it. [cheering and applause] at stake in this election , and you know this , you know it, and I mean it and I've never meant it more, at stake in this election is the survival of our nation. Because we are dealing with crazy people on the others. They've gone totally stone cold crazy. You look at hillary, she was a lot smarter than joe, but I will tell you, there is a certain sense of sanity four years ago. These people have gone insane and they are radical left and you look at some of the things happening at these Democrat-run cities that we can solve in two minutes.

All they have to do is call us, our great ex congressman, and thank you for being here, all they have to do is call us. We will be in there in two minutes and we will take care of the problem. Joe biden is a puppet of the radical left movement that seeks to destroy the American way of life.

They don't understand and probably when it happened, they say what we ever do? Joe biden has pledged to hike your taxes by $4 trillion in the largest tax hike in history and they are going to waste the money on the green new deal. You know what you get out of that? Nothing. Nothing except debt and death.

They want to eviscerate the second amendment. They want to take away your guns. They want to take away your guns. You remember that. Just that one point alone, they want to take away your guns.

Who's going to vote for that? I have held that strong and you think it was easy? I have held it totally strong. Give free health care to illegal aliens. You don't get free health care.

Expand deadly sanctuary cities, force tax payers to subsidize late term abortions, shut down the energy fields of pennsylvania. They want to shut them down. No fossil fuels.

Texas isn't too happy either. Go to texas. I just left texas a little while ago.

I said they don't want energy, they don't want guns and they don't want religion. Not going to win texas. But you have the same thing because you are a big fracking state.

You want to see your taxes go up, stop fracking. It doesn't hurt you at all, fracking. They want to throw up windmills that are going to ruin your houses. Put up a big mill. You see this big monster turning, but even that, I don't think they want to do anything. I think they want to closure business.

Just her member, second amendment, sure as you are sitting or standing, they are going to take it away from you. Don't let it happen. Close down charter schools, limit school choice, so important, abolish the suburbs, they want to put low income housing in the suburbs, so the American dream, and by the way, we have a lot of minority groups that live in the suburbs, african-American, asian American, hispanic American, all did phenomenally last year with jobs, best jobs we've ever had in the history of our country, best economy we've ever had.

[applause] they are a big part of the suburbs and they want to put low income housing in the suburbs at a level they have never done it before and this has been going on for 20 years. I terminated the regulation that did that and they said we can change that and I said let's terminate it. People have to aspire to go there. They want to aspire to live in the suburbs. They want to abolish cash bail, releasing 400,000 criminals onto our streets. Think of it.

Look what happened in new york. Cuomo ended class , ended cash bail. It wasn't even de blasio, it was cuomo. He ended it in new york and now the crime rate has gone through the roof.

The Speaker At bidens convention probably a claire , declared we are talking about abolishing the police come abolishing ice, they are about abolishing prisons, and the only thing they are not abolishing our taxes because your taxes are going to go up at a level you've never even heard of before. If you want a vision of your life under biden's presidency, think of the smoldering ruins in minneapolis, though violent anarchy of portland, the bloodstained sidewalks of chicago and imagine the mayhem coming to your town and every single town in America. You are not going to have law and order. I shouldn't say it because he will put it in his speech, which , if he can read it, which I doubt. I shouldn't say it because he's going to speak later. He should have a good audience.

I hear he hasn't answered a question , I just heard on the newscast since july 17. Hasn't taken a question from the fake news back there. [cheering and applause] I take about a hundred questions a day. These people. It's one thing I've learned, the people heading these on countries, whether it is President Xi of China, prudent of Russia, erdogan of turkey, any of them, kim jong-un, number we were going to be at war with North Korea, remember there is going to be a war, there is going to be a war.

It would have been no war if you had hillary clinton. It would have been a war if obama were allowed to stay any longer. Where's the war? I don't see the war.

Maybe things happen, you don't know, but there's been no war, nobody killed. You would have lost when he 5, 30 million people. They don't say that.

They say 100,000 people. Soul has 32 million people and it's right next to the cannon fire. We have a good relationship with him.

I have a good relationship with him. When I say that, isn't that terrible, they say. It's not terrible, it's great.

I have a relationship. President obama said when I sat down that first meeting in the white House, he said it was the biggest problem we have, North Korea. He would have had a big problem. Would have been a hell of a war. You would probably be in that war right now. What I say that we get along and we have met and they say that's terrible, it's a good and, not a bad thing, it's a good ink.

Does it , doesn't mean bad things don't happen, but it's a good ink. There's only one thing standing between your family and the radical left-wing mob and that is your vote this november. This is , I feel like I'm a wall you know we built the wall on the southern border. We are going to have 300 miles two weeks from now, even less, 300 miles. By the end of the year, there will be almost 500 miles and some areas are a little bit loose, they put about 536 miles going up at a record clip, it's doing phenomenally well.

If you want mobs and criminals, you've got to vote Democrat, look, because that's what it's about. They don't talk about law & order. I'm bringing it up now, but I haven't seen anybody get up , I got just the other day endorsed by all the sheriffs of florida, all the law enforcement. [applause] I got endorsed by pennsylvania, I got endorsed by texas, by ohio.

I think everybody, I don't know. How can law enforcement indoor somebody else , endorse some avail. All of our ex army equipment, we have tremendous surplus equipment, and it was sitting in warehouses all over the United States. Hundreds of millions of dollars, I distributed it to the police whereas biden and obama, they didn't want to do that because they said no, no, no, it makes the police looked too strong. I want the police to look strong.

You lot , you have to look strong. A lot of it was protective equipment. If you want jobs and a lot of police and a lack of crime, if you take away new york and chicago and some of these terrible cities, the crime , I left new york four years ago and I can see because he's a terrible mayor, there were things , he's no rudy giuliani, I can tell you that. The last six months, seven months, it has just exploded, it's incredible.

Crime up 368%. 368%. It's crazy.

It's crazy. If you want law & order, sometimes they will say sir, say it gently. People want to hear it gently. Don't say law and order.

Say if you would like law & order and safety. [laughter] I can't do that. If you want law & order, you can't have what's happening in portland. Did you see the kid get whacked like he was a piece of garbage?

Who can take it? Pretty soon we are going to have to send in our people because we are supposed to wait until requests , I don't know if they are embarrassed or what but these Democrat cities, they are out of control. They have none. Look at seattle where she said we want a summer of love , I mean, this woman is crazy. And they would have never taken back seattle except they knew we were going in the next day. That's the only reason they even did it.

So, tonight, we have slow joe will speak at the Democrat convention. And I'm sure he will just knock them dead. And he will remind us that he was born in scranton. But you know, he left like 70 years ago, right? [laughter] he left a long time ago.

I view it firmly. He would say he was born here and he left when he was 8, 9, or 10. So he left 68 years ago, he left. A long time ago. So I view it different. He wasn't born here.

He abandoned scranton. His family had something to do with that, his parents, but he left scranton. He keeps talking about I was born in scranton, I lived in scranton, yeah, for a few years, but he left for another state. You know the state. But the scranton stuff, that's why I figured I would come here and explain to you one thing, but I think you know it better than I do. He abandoned pennsylvania, he abandoned scranton.

He was here for a short time and he didn't even know it and today, it's amazing , he still doesn't know it? [applause] he spent the last half-century in washington selling out our country and ripping off our jobs and letting other countries stealing our jobs, mexico, country, all of them, stealing our jobs, he's been there for 47 years and now he's going to come and make a change, I don't think so. His son walked out with 1.5 millions , 1.5 million dollars to manage that she didn't even have a job before that and I asked the wall street people, tell me is that possible, smartest people, taught people on wall street, they say can't happen. The smartest people, the people that do get money from every country, from everybody, they say can't happen.

He walked out of there in 10 minutes with 1.5 million dollars. Explain that one. Then nobody looks at him, nobody looks at ukraine and gets 83,000 month and a $3 million upfront payment because of his great expertise in energy, but he had none and he even admitted I don't know anything about energy, but he goes into an energy company, gets millions of dollars, especially double that because him and some guy that knew less than he did, and is that ok, is that ok when joe biden goes and says a billion dollars, you are not getting it unless you get rid of those prosecutors? Talk about quid pro quo, that is your quid pro quo, and they did. Quid pro quo, right? And they did.

They got rid of the prosecutors and then he's called and they say now you are getting your money, ok? Think of this , if that's a Republican doing that, what happens to that Republican? It's over, it's a disgrace, but it's changing slowly, to slowly as far as I'm concerned. Joe biden is no friend of pennsylvania.

He's actually, for the reasons he just said, he is your worst nightmare. Biden supported every single globalist attack on pennsylvania workers. Nafta, China's entry into the world trade organization, which built China into a power, ppp, korea, the horrible, ridiculous paris climate accord which stripped our nation of its energy and the so-called clean power plan. The only thing about it was the name. It was a horrible, unfair deal. Horrible for you, and horrible for pennsylvania.

They want to take your power away. You know what your power is? The billions of dollars you make going deep into the earth and taking out what you have to take out, everything you want from fracking. Does anybody know how big fracking is?

You are not going to be allowed to frack anymore. No oil. No nothing. No oil, no gas, no nothing. Just inc.

Of that. First of all, many of you, I guess 600,000 lose their jobs. No money, no oil, higher taxes. Your stock market would crash.

If they got in beyond fracking, you will have your 401(k)s, which are setting records, by the way, the stock market just hit a new high. [applause] and don't forget, we've been going through this horrible plague from China, just today new high, think of that, it's incredible. How many people have 401(k)s here? That's a lot. How about if they went down to 10% of what they are because that can happen.

That can happen and it will happen if we are stupid and don't go out and vote and secure your ballot. Absentee ballots are good, but the stuff where they take millions and millions of ballots and send them all over the place , we will grab it and put them in a big pile there, everyone grab it, it's a disgrace. Even common sense knows that.

Look at new york. Look at what happened in new jersey, look at what happened in virginia , I won't go through the details, you know the story. They have no control whatsoever.

In new jersey, 20% of the ballots were defective, fraudulent, 20%. That's because they did a good job. Ok? This is just a way they are trying to steal the election and everybody knows that because the only way they are going to win is by a rigged election. I really believe that. I saw the crowd outside.

For every sign we had for trump /pens, every single sign , [applause] and that's not that atypical. In texas, we would drive into some oil well or we gave a speech, but between a 20 minute drive between the plane and that oil well, there were tens of thousands of people and they had the signs, flags, American flags. When the other side doesn't show up, which is rarely, they never have an American flag. I can always tell, you never see an American flag.

The fake news would tell you that. But they don't put it down. They will tell you that personally, but they don't write it. You never see an American flag. It's an amazing thing.

If you look outside today, is it 100 to 1, 200 to one, you will read tomorrow that biden was well represented. There was hardly anybody there. Every once in a while, I would see a biden and I would say I would wave to her anyway, who cares? Was it 100 to one? You will read he had a massive crowd. Pennsylvania lost more than one in three manufacturing jobs after nafta and China it , China's entry into the wto and that was a wert , a vote courtesy of sleepy joe.

Biden looked American labor in the eyes, took their dues, their union endorsements and their votes and the unions have to be more reasonable, they have to be more reasonable and we love the unions, we love non-unions , I've had it all. You know? I've built every building I built in new york with unions and a lot of Republican don't want me to say that, but unions are fine. Tell them to keep their dues down, please, but they are fine. Have unions, nonunion's, but what I talk about is the worker. They treated our workers horribly.

We lost our jobs to foreign lands. Our workers got fired whether they were in the unions or not. They sold out and passed the cadillac tax on union health care plans, tact their energy jobs and sent their factories to China and now he's back begging for their votes and you know, it's like a custom, Democrat, except with me, I came in, I got so many union votes, you seen it , a couple of people either lost their job or came very close.

They led a charge for the Democrat for crooked hillary. They let a charge and the people in the union didn't want that. They didn't want hillary, they wanted trump and we had union revolts.

They revolted. But these guys right here, are you all union people? It's good right?

It's fine. [applause] certain parts of the country, they wouldn't be as happy, but it's ok. It's great, but you know what's happening, they were not happy , they were not happy when the bosses got endorsed by Democrat. American labor will boat for trump/pens, they are all saying that and this area is going to be an incredible area. This used to be all Democrat until I came along.

[applause] until I came along, this is Democrat, it was heavily union, but they like trump and I'm never going to let you down and they will let you down. First of all, the country will be let down because the country, you will see a crash like you have never seen before and as good as the stock market numbers are, there is a headwind. The headwind is a few, , if he won, the markets going to crash. The green new deal, socialized medicine, that's what they want, it's socialized medicine. No doctor, no plan, obama lied about it 28 time, rent he said you can keep your dr., 28 different times they had them.

The last four years, we've been reversing biden's betrayals and delivering historic wins for the people of pennsylvania. Your state lost over 50,000 manufacturing jobs when biden was Vice president And my first year, pennsylvania gained fort teen thousand jobs , gained 14,000 jobs, and going up at a level nobody has ever seen before. We will catch all of those jobs that are lost. They said manufacturing jobs will never come back. Remember they said you will need a magic wand.

We have the magic wand. My first week in auction , in office, I withdrew from the transpacific partnership. It would have been a horror show. I withdrew from the one-sided paris climate accord which would have cost us so many billions of dollars and all it would have done is made the competition even tougher all over the world.

I believe it was designed to hurt the United States and get jobs away from us and companies. I stood up to China's rampant cheating, plunder, and theft. I repealed that horrible tax. So many taxes. How many taxes did I repeal?

I'm getting a list of them now. I will have it for you for the next meeting because I will be back to pennsylvania, that I promise. [cheering and applause] I'm standing up to the special interests and to big pharma, I signed for historic directives to dramatically reduce the cost of prescription drugs.

Think of it. [applause] you know what I did? I signed, as you know, and as you have seen, I guess, other countries have sometimes 10% of what we pay for the same exact pills, same drugs, same prescription drugs and I signed a deal and they said they are taking advertising and whatever you see ads from drug companies, that means your prices are coming down, but it's called favored nations. Favored nations. We were the least favored nation and the whole world. We paid the highest price.

If Germany as an example pays $.10 for a pill and we pay three dollars for the exact same pill, we pay $.10 also. What it means are they are going to go up and come way down. We can drop drug prices by 50, 60, or 70%, at a level that has made them very angry and rebates, I and rebates, they go to you. Nobody would have done that. They could have done that a long time ago.

Biden could have done that, he didn't know what it meant, but I will tell you, they won't do it because big pharma is the most powerful group and I guess, they say number one, is it number one? You did not take any money from big pharma. I bet you didn't. I ended the nafta disaster and signed usmca into law. Usmca is phenomenal and it's going to keep your companies from moving to mexico and other places.

After years of building up other nations, we are finally building up our nation. [cheering and applause] and we are finally doing something I have been talking about for years , we are finally putting America first, and I've done that right from the beginning. [applause] we are honored to be joined today by some incredible warriors that were really fantastic and friends of mine but they really fight, these pennsylvania people are fighters in case you haven't noticed, representative scott perry, where's scott? Thank you scott.

Great job, scott. The warriors. Lloyd smucker. Thank you, lloyd. John joyce. John, thank you, great job.

Great job. And a friend of mine and a great, great man. He would have been here forever if he decided to, but he decided maybe it was time to do something else, but this was a fighter like no other fighter and those three other gentlemen will attest, our friend, lou barletta. [cheering and applause] and they are shouting , this is for the media, they are shouting "lou.

They will say he stood up and he got dude, it was a horrible embarrassment. That's what they do. They are fake.

Thanks also to our congressional candidates. Jim baldwin. Look at him. Is it easy out there on the stump? Good. You are going to win, jim.

You're going to win. And lisa scheller. Thank you very much. I hear you two are doing really good. Let me also thank my campaign state chairwoman.

Thank you very much, bernie. How we doing in pennsylvania, ok? Great. Also a friend of mine for a long time, great friend of his father , maybe even his grandfather , I don't know , I hate to say that because it makes me sound a little bit older than I feel.

I feel young. The state gop chairman, lawrence tavis. I miss dan to avis. What a great man he was. He ended up being a rich man, and he employed a lot of people and he was a real friend of mine. It was long before Iran for politics.

He did not like many people, but he like trump. He was a rough guide. He became a very successful guy.

He would look out of them, I don't want to talk to anybody. Before the China virus, we had the greatest economy in history. By the way, in the last three months, we , right? 9 million jobs, an all-time record. This is now, during the hopefully closing moments of the pandemic. Notice how any time there's a good country, they like to compare , because we've done an incredible job.

Look at our mortality rates. They were talking about new zealand. New zealand, it's over. It's over for new zealand.

Everything is gone. They had a massive break out yesterday. South Korea, it's over, it's over. Big breakout yesterday. We've done a great job.

We are a big, big country, and, you know, maybe this is popular to say, maybe it's not , I don't care because based on the crowd outside, it looks like we are going to win this thing , [cheers and applause] I think by a lot. Your governor has you on a shutdown. How did they get out there? And they were not socially distance, I can tell you. They are incredible people, but what is he doing?

Still, shutdown wolf. He cannot do this. You know what happens? Depression, anxiety, problems with family members, drugs, heart attacks, obesity. I mean, what is he doing.

It's more dangerous than the virus. He's got to open this state up. You know when he's going to open it up?

I know what he's doing because a lot of them are doing it. Doing it in the great state of north carolina, right? They are doing it in north carolina, but they are doing it in a lot of different areas, but they've got to open this state up, and you have to do it, right? And what is he doing? What is he doing? The commonwealth of pennsylvania, we are going to get it open.

I know when he's going to do it. November 4. He's going to say well, we are going to open it up.

Then your results are no better than other states. Michigan has a close down. North carolina has a close down.

This commonwealth has a close down. It's a very sad thing to see, and the results are not good. It's not like this is wonderful. It's worse than those that are open, and you have some other states , if you look at the country, it's really , we have states who are thriving and there's no shutdown. We shut it down because we had to. We didn't know anything about what was happening.

We shut it down, we learned a lot, protect our seniors, etc., etc.. They said the v would never happen. We have a big, beautiful v.

We enacted the largest financial relief package in history. Through the paycheck relief program, we saved nearly 2 million pennsylvania jobs. That's right.

2 million jobs. We delivered nearly $11 million in direct support to pennsylvania families, and over the past three months, we've gained over 9 million jobs. Nobody can even believe the numbers. And watch, the numbers will get at her and better because we are opening up. Frankly, the Democrat should do what's right for the country.

They know they should open. Wolf knows he should open. He knows that. And how about these , how about his person with , with , with her mother, right? With her mother?

Where the mother was protected but the other people were not? You had a massive number of deaths in the nursing homes, but 95-year-old mother, as I read , I said, well, that person will be gone very quickly, and that person is still there. I would say that's something if ever , if anybody wants to run for the governor of pennsylvania, that would be something. They took the mother out of harms way and moved her back when everything was ok and nobody says anything about it? There's no firing? Retail spending is now at an all-time high.

Who would have believed that? Biden would terminate this unprecedented recovery. He wants to impose a permanent lockdown combined with a socialist takeover of the u.s. Economy. Did you hear him the other day?

"market down pure , "market down." everything we've accomplished the last few months. On a great job in arizona. Texas going down, california going down. Everybody wants to practice good hygiene, all of the different types. Do the masks.

I mean, it's not going to hurt. Do them. Do them.

But these things, these places have to be opened up, but november 4, he will open. Don't worry about it. But that's a long time from now, if you think about it. In biden's policy manifesto written with socialist , written with socialist bernie sanders, biden pledges to outlaw American oil. He's going to outlaw American oil. American coal.

Natural gas, which is really an amazing form of energy. It's clean. By mandating net zero carbon emissions within nine years and from all power plants by 2035, so he wants to basically get rid of all fossil fuels. I know everything about energy. I know so much about energy. Our new forms of alternative energy are just not powerful enough to power these massive plants and all these things creating all these jobs and all of this wealth for your state and for the country.

This week in california, there were rolling blackouts because the radical Democrat have mandated impossible restrictions on energy production, and I see again the forest fires are starting. They are starting again in california. You got to clean your forests. You got to clean your forest.

There are many, many years of leaves and broken trees. And they are, like, so flammable. You touch them and it goes up. I've been telling them this now for three years, but they don't want to listen. The environment.

The environment. But there are massive fires again in california. Maybe we are just going to have to make them pay for it because they don't listen to it. We say you've got to get rid of the leaves, you've got to get rid of the debris. You've got to get rid of the fallen trees.

When a tree falls after 13 or 14 months, it becomes extremely dry. You look at some of these fires, they don't really catch where the trees are going because they are wet. They just don't want to listen.

They mock us when I said you got to clean your floors , just an expression. Clean your floors. And I have many, many years, decades of leaves , dry leaves and every , that's why they have them.

There are other places , forest cities. They were developed in forests and they don't have any problem with more flammable trees then you have in california, but they just don't want to do it. Senior citizens were forced to sit in their homes with no air conditioning in the middle of the summer.

You get used to no air conditioning. They probably don't want that, either. Under my administration, we ended the war on American energy, and I put the minors back to work. We put them back to work.

The miners are back to work now. I approved the keystone xl and dakota access pipeline's almost right at the beginning. I just approved them. Right at the beginning, and, a lot of jobs. By the way, it's a much cleaner form of transportation. America is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas in the world.

Think of that one. To protect our great steelworkers , do you have a couple of city steelworkers here, by the way? To protect our great steelworkers, I placed tariffs on nations that were dumping cheap, foreign steel all over the place, and we have created incredible industry out of nothing.

It was ready to go out. Within months, steel imports dropped by 26%, and American steel production surged by 18 million tons almost immediately. Biden abandoned the steel industry in saying , and saved other industries that were worthless, but he did not save the steel industry. We saved the steel industry.

When joe biden was vice president, the boarded , the border was an open pipeline for gang members in cartels, flooding our schools with drugs. Under my administration, we ended the horrible catch and release. You catch the criminals, you take their name, you say, is this right? We don't have identification, oh, that's ok. It's like voting.

They don't want to have voter id. Why? There's only one reason Democrat don't want voter id. You have id for almost everything. Most important thing you can do is to vote, and voter id, but they don't want it.

There's only one reason they don't want voter id, and you know what that is, right? You guys all in favor, right, of voter id? Everybody? If they were not, they would not be Congressman In good standing for very long, I tell you that.

We stopped asylum fraud and deported 20,000 gang members and 420 3000 criminal aliens. We got them the hell out of our country. , 423,000 criminal aliens.

If biden wins, the border will be ceded to cartels and the left wing crazies who empower them. Used to see these massive amounts of illegals coming up from honduras, right? From guatemala, el salvador. They would come up, and there would be just thousands of them. You don't see that anymore.

Mexico is , they have, right now. They have for months. 27,000 of their soldiers on our southern border. Got to do it. Got to do it. Mexico has been working with us very well.

New President Of mexico , now he is not so new. He has been there a while, but the President Of mexico has been doing well, as far as I'm concerned. In his joint manifesto with bernie sanders, biden has called for a complete suspension of deportations, closing down detention facilities, ending border prosecutions , think of this , restoring and expanding catch and release. Handing out free welfare to new arrivals, work permits for illegal crossers and mass amnesty for all illegal aliens , can you believe this? This is bernie plus , I thought biden would be taken right.

This shows how good negotiator he is. Bernie took him left. They were supposed to meet a little bit left of center, maybe, a little bit, for them, but bernie actually took him left. Along with aoc. Another beauty. Designer of the green new deal.

She knows nothing about the environment. She probably never studied , ask her, how many hours has she taken on the environment? Biden wants to open borders in the middle of a pandemic. Thank goodness we have that 300 miles of all. You would have had a problem like you've never seen before.

I was saying this from day one. I imposed a travel ban on jihadist regions to get them out of our country. Lower court failed, appeals court failed, but I won in the supreme court. They say he lost because I lost in the first two courts, but we won in the supreme court.

Joe biden has pledged to remove this ban, opening the floodgates to terror and terror hotspots and increasing the number of refugees allowed into our country by 700%. That's the manifesto of aoc and bernie. Joe biden and kamala , she's another beauty , also strongly support the deadly sanctuary cities that have been so bad for you and everyone else. This district attorney in san francisco put a drug dealing illegal alien into a job and jobs program instead of into prison.

Four months later, the illegal alien robbed a 29-year-old woman, mowed her down with an suv, fracturing her skull and ruining her life. We believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding americans, not for criminal aliens. [cheers and applause] after eight long years, joe biden and obama left America weak, disrespected, and endangered.

We are respected again. We are a respected country again. They said that , one of the leaders called up, top, top leader of one of the countries. He asked me to call President Erdogan of turkey, who I got along with very well.

He said you called him, and I said why can't you do it, he said you're the only one he respects. I like telling the story. I like telling very personal stories, but they did say that. You're the only one he will listen to. I said is that because of the United States? He said no, it's because of you.

I might as well tell you the stories because they won't. We've invested more than $2 trillion to rebuild our military . Our military is in the best shape it has ever been and everything is made in the u.s. [cheers and applause] and we revived the historic shipyards in a place called philadelphia with hundreds and hundreds of new jobs , you know that , and we just launched Space Force.

I've never talked about it on the campaign trail. I'm the only one probably that ever ran for office in this country that has achieved more than I said I would. I never talked about Space Force.

I never talked about it, but I realized how important it was, and we got it. Six branch , think of that. That's a big deal.

American rockets are once again sending American astronauts into space. We renewed nasa. It was a field of weeds. President obama closed it down. We are now sending rockets up. A lot of those rockets are paid by rich people.

They like sending up rockets, for whatever reason. I say go ahead. Pass a little vent and you can use our property. We withdrew from the disastrous Iran nuclear deal, a horror show.

The ISIS caliphate was destroyed. The founder and leader of ISIS, the animal known as al-baghdadi is dead. The world's number one terrorist, qasem soleimani, is dead. Joe biden voted for the war in iraq. I kept us out of new wars. Everyone said trump will be in a war his first week.

Instead of that, I got you out of wars. We are down to a minimum number in iraq. Afghanistan will be down shortly to 4000 troops, and that will come back shortly, too. Syria, we took them all around , we kept the oil, if that's ok with you. We should have kept the oil in a wreck, too.

Remember, I used to say keep the oil, don't go , I'd say go into a wreck, but I was a civilian, nobody cares. Like you, nobody cares , I want to get that mosquito out of here. They'll say it's cruelty to animals.

They were saying the other night, the shark. They were saying oh, sharks, we have to protect them. I was saying what a minute, wait.

They actually want to remove all the seals in order to save the shark. I say, wait a minute, don't you have it the other way around? I'm not a fan of sharks, either. I don't know how many votes I'm going to lose.

I have people calling me up, we have a fund called save the sharks. I say no, thank you, I have other things I can contribute to. I recognize israel's true capital, opened the American embassy in Jerusalem and recognized israel and its sovereignty over the golan heights. Nobody else , they talked about it for years. For years and years, many, many presidents talked about the capital of israel, Jerusalem, and they never did it.

I did it. In golan heights, 52 years they've been reading in golan heights. I did it. Last week, we reached a historic through in the Middle East, finalizing a groundbreaking agreement between israel and the united arab emirates. Even "the new york times" gave us a great editorial. They cannot even believe it.

We passed veterans choice and betterments accountability for our great vets. Nobody has done for the vets what I have. Nobody, not even close. We love the vets. Federal workers who failed and mistreated our veterans now can be told, you're fired. That's accountability.

We had sadists, we had thieves, we had some bad people. They let go of 9000 people in the v.a.. They were bad people. They did not love our vets. In a second term in office, we will create 10 million jobs in the next year.

We will hire more police. We will ban sanctuary cities. We will appoint prosecutors, judges and justices who believe in the rule of law, not the rule of that horrible mob that you get to watch on television. We will provide schoolchildren in every home , we are going to let you have school choice. That's a very important thing. The Democrat don't want anything to do with school choice.

We will lower the price of prescription drugs, as I said. We will build and expand our energy infrastructure to a level that is even greater than what we have now. Like I said before, we are number 1 , we are number one by a lot.

Nobody thought we would ever be before and we are energy independent, which is very nice. And as we've been doing, we will end our reliance on China and other countries for drugs and other things. We will make our critical drugs, medicines, and supplies here in the United States. We will give tax credits to companies to bring jobs back to America, and if they don't do it, we will put tariffs on those companies, and they will have to pay us a lot of money, so what are they going to do? They are going to bring the jobs back.

In every action, every moment, every decision, I'm fighting for you. I'm fighting for pennsylvania. A lot of people got rich and got powerful at your expense. Now the same liberal hypocrites want to open up borders and let violent mobs roamed the streets while they live in waldorf compounds and communities. They want to defund the police while hiring private security. They want to let fires burn churches while jailing you for praying in your church.

They want to abolish school choice while sending their children to the best private schools in the land. They want to cancel you , totally cancel you , take your job, turn your family against you for speaking your mind while they indoctrinate your children with twisted, twisted worldviews , and nobody ever thought possible. Notice they are not knocking down monuments and statues anymore. When I saw what was happening, I signed a nice, new executive order, and then I explained , 10 years if you knock down a federal statute or monument. , federal statue or monument.

And they said we are going to march on washington, we are going to knock down some nice statues, and then they said you know what? Let's not march. And they turned around. 10 years, that's a long time to knock over a statue that many people love and many people don't.

Joe biden is the candidate of these privileged liberal hypocrites who hold you and your values in disdain, but you can send them all a thundering message on election day by voting trump-pens. Do we love our vice president? Do we love our vice president, I'll tell you. I watched kamala last night, and I said I'll take mike. I'll take mike by a lot.

He's been a great vice president, actually. Pennsylvania is the state they gave us the declaration of independence, valley forge, gettysburg, and generations of American patriots just like you. You are patriots. You love this country. That's why you are here. With you, it's on the back of your head.

With me, I'm going to go home, my wife is going to say what happened, you look like a lobster. Look at the sun, this is great. This is a state where workers got their hands dirty mining the coal and forging the steel that raised up the mightiest nation in the history of the world, and we are going to be stronger than ever before. Remember we are going to be stronger than ever before, and that's happening right now. Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and you know this , look, together we are taking back our country. As I said, stronger.

They want to come in and raise your taxes. They want to come in and put regulations on all your factories and your jobs and all your personal things. You know, little things , and they laugh at it when I say it, the light bulbs, those new, expensive light bulbs. I say what happened to the old ones? They said they are better. I brought them back.

Dishwashers, the new dishwashers don't give you enough water, so what do people do? They is the button again and again. Just got back from whirlpool in ohio. They are thriving now because of what I did to competition from other countries.

I tariff them, and whirlpool one from , went from a company just about over to one that is thriving. Sink faucets, shower faucets. I won't save a third element of the bathroom because they always just bring that up, so I won't say that, you know what I'm talking about. They don't allow water.

You go into it new hotel, there's no water. I opened it up and said they can have as much , does pennsylvania have a problem with water? No. You do have a problem with water, you have too much of it. Why are we having restrictors?

I took it off. These are little things. I tell you about them. A lot of people appreciate them. It's better, won't last as long, but it's better. Better light.

Very important thing. Instead of having it like on for many times longer, actually when I take a shower, I can have water hit my hair. Now we can actually have water pouring out of our shower heads, ok? We've done a lot of good things that nobody talks about, nobody writes about, but it's about quality of life, and I think a lot of people appreciate it. Nobody else would have thought to do anything like it.

We are returning power to you, internet people. How good is bernie , bernie , how good is ernie? He's great. Larry holmes, is he still in the area?

How good was larry, right? That was probably muhammad ali's most dangerous fight. I've never seen anything like it. Mohamed would never go down, but larry holmes is a great champion. I hope he's doing well, but he was one hell of a fighter. From scranton to east into allentown, we are going to fight for every job, every family, every neighborhood, and every vote.

When people, one family, one glorious nation under God , that's another word they don't want you to say , God. You know that, right? Did you see they were doing something last night that was extremely basic and always has had the word God in it, and they decided to take the word God out, but this is where they are coming from. They are coming to get you. This is where they're coming from, and me, we , we are the wall between the American dream and total insanity and the destruction of the greatest country in the history of the world. We are all that stands , [applause] we are all that stands, and a typical Republican probably would not get there, but I think I'm very Republican in many ways, but your typical Republican would not be able to win.

Like your area, this has always been a Democrat area, and let , and yet, the votes for trump here are through the roof. You know how successful we were four years ago. It's a great area. These are great people. Great, hard-working incredible people, and we love them.

With your drive and devotion, we will win a historic victory on november 3, and we will make America greater than it has ever been before. I just want to thank the people of scranton, the lack of home, ok? Remember, the next one, we've got to stop him from saying these things.

He's going to make a speech tonight. It's going to be interesting to see how he does. I hope he does well. I really hope he does well, but I also want him to tell the truth.

He's got to tell the truth about things, and he's going to do a lot better if he does, but hopefully, not well enough. Right now, we are leading a war that is in incredible, but right now, we are leading in so many polls that they refuse to put out. We are doing so good in this state, in north carolina, in florida, in texas, in ohio, in michigan. You know how many car plants are being built or expended in michigan? We are doing fantastically in michigan.

We are doing great in new hampshire. These are real polls. These are not poles where they do registered voters.

No, you want to do voters that are going to vote. Registered voters. You want to do what is called likely voters. In other words, people who are likely to vote. Not registered voters, many of whom have died, many of whom are not going to vote. Then you want to do an even count.

They do a poll, many, many Democrat. They had me losing every swing state. I think they had me losing, light, nine states, then I won.

But he's going to lose, right? You were the first one that told me, lou. He's going to lose seven swing states. He's going to lose them all. He's done by 14.

Washington post, abc, they had me down when we for the election. 12 to 14 points. The day of the election, because we complained that it was a fake poll, so they changed it the day of the election, but they had us just about even. Remember that whole big deal?

We said you can't , because that's called suppression. You said hey, I love trump, but I cannot vote for him because I don't have the time because he's not going to win her the problem was last time for them, 2016, everybody went out and voted. There was no suppression. There was incredible exhilaration except on the other side.

You ever see those pictures of the craziness going on? But the old were fake just like their stories are fake, just like the news is fake. The polls are even worse and we are now actually doing worse. One of the most accurate poles was rasmussen, and rasmussen came out today , did you see it? 51 for trump. 51.

[cheers and applause] I think they were one of the three most accurate poles. On the ones that are telling the truth , sometimes. I had a poke that came out that was very favorable.

They refused to release it. They did not want the people to see it. What kind of stuff is this? That's why you are going to do a great job. We are going to win this, and I think we are going to win it really big.

When you see those people outside, and I mean, you could take this crowd and multiply it times , it looks like a hundred, right? You could multiply it times a hundred, but when you see this crowd and you see the kind of enthusiasm, there's nothing like it. We are leading, by the way , even they admit, we are leading by enthusiasm by numbers they have never seen before , record numbers, meaning we have record enthusiasm and he has a record lack of enthusiasm, and that is a big, big vacuum. I just want to thank all of the people from this incredible place.

It's just a great, great place. I've been here for so long and so much and I love it. I love the people and we are going to have the biggest victory.

We are going to have a victory that will equal or surpass what we did in 2016. Thank you all very much. Thank you very much. Thank you.

(music) [captions copyright national cable satellite corp. 2020] [captioning performed by the national captioning institute, which is responsible for its caption content and accuracy. Visit ncicap.org] ["ymca" by the village people place]