ID: CSPANDT259202072
Title: President Trump Remarks on Black Economic Empowerment in Atlanta
Date: 2020-09-25

the hell newspaper bob cusick and washington examiner, the hill newspaper bob cusick and washington examiner examined joe biden and talk about his political career, personal life advice presidency. Watch sunday evening beginning 6:30 p.m. Eastern on c-span.

Online at c-span.org or listen on the free c-span radio app. President trump told an audience in atlanta black americans have never been better off economically. He talks about his plan for more of them to have economic empowerment and equal opportunities to start businesses. You have education opportunities. You have prison reform.

I believe in police being reformed and not eliminated. I am somebody who believes this is our time and we must take advantage of this moment. So why am I voting for him? Why am I endorsing him?

Because I believe he is going to keep his word. [applause] I ambition wellington boone and I support and expect donald j. Trump to be the President Of the United States. [applause] I know a little bit about his background and they came his forefathers from the hebrides islands and one of the greatest revivals we know in history came from the hebrides islands and so what they are noted for his calvinism and calvinism said that there is a manifest destiny of your life.

This man has said he is the product of manifest destiny. That he would become the President Of United States. [applause] clearly satan I can say this to you because it's important to understand that by the fact that he has, by his truth with shoe have evidence by the things you are saying, you will know them by their fruit. He has made here as the President Of the United States.

Remember it says the promotion comes not from that east are the west but the south. God lifts went up and takes another down. [applause] that he has targeted the inner-city. And all of your evidence.

He is doing a great job in the inner cities. It shows the favor of God is on the black community. The bible says not many wines are called and nominee noble are called. The base things of the world confound the wise. Your assigned that revival is coming to black America. So we are joining with him.

Let every man be a liar. Reelect this man president, it is a visible manifestation revival is here. Continue to do a great job.

It is your day. [applause] (music) hey. Ho. God is good. This matchest he suit.

I was born two and a half hours from here, knowing that I was colored. I went to college and hour and a half from here knowing that I was black. I have a home here in atlanta knowing that I'm african-American. Time has changed.

Now I'm proud to be an American. [cheering] I played football in the 1980's in new york city. I met a young man I thought was very brass. I learned that he loved his family.

He loved his country and he loved people, so I remember telling a reporter from the new york times that this guy could be present of the United States in 1985. Because he loved America, but I guarantee you can't find that in the archives today. But I have always known he is different because he became the 45th President Of the United States of America. I also get upset because he don't get the credit he deserves for all the things he's done in the african-American communities like historical black colleges, that help to build great black leaders in the world today and also, the prison reform that benefit most of the african-American, so I get upset about that.

But, you know his administration , and himself, they work extremely hard to do many things for America, not just african-americans. And you know, I said once when , you give a man a job, you give him self-worth. Do you know, this President And three and half years, put 1 million african-americans to work. [applause] in eight years, the obama biden put 140,000 people to work.

You know, I have boys, stand shoulder to shoulder with this man because he keeps gone in the House. [applause] all of us americans have received so many touchdown passes from this man, I want to say it is time for us to recognize our quarterback. So it is my honor and pleasure to introduce my friend, the President Of the United States of America, 45th president, donald j trump. [applause] (music) [cheering] thank you.

And thank you to herschel. I don't know about herschel. [chanting] thank you. I don't know, I don't know. I don't know.

I don't know about herschel. I'd watch him in college, I would watch him carry that ball but I think he'd do just as well as a Senator Or governor. [cheering] we are going to have to start talking to him about that. He's a fantastic person, great man. I'm honored to be back in the heart of georgia with the truly incredible organization black , voices for trump. [cheering] in 39 days, we are going to win 4 more years in the white House.

[cheering] we will do it with a record andwe will do it with a record number of votes from the black community. [cheering] that's all happening, we are you see the people back there they are saying what's going on , over here? They are not happy about it but that is ok. Our movement is welcoming, liens of black americans back to the Republican party, frederick douglass. And abraham lincoln.

[cheering] when I ran for President Four years ago, I looked at the dismal record of the Democrat party and as black americans, they said you shouldn't use the word , but I said, it's more descriptive. It does not work as well without it. Today I want to share what you have to gain november 3. For voting on it will be the biggest election of our lives. For decades, politicians have taken black voters for granted.

They make you promises before every election and then the moment they got to washington, they abandoned you and sold you out. They lied to you every single time. You know that better than anyone else knows. The Democrat will always take back the vote, what they want to is take the vote back.

Take the black voter for granted and they have and it is not fair, it is not right and it's not going to happen because you , because we are going to have such a victory like you've never had , before. [cheering] in 2016 , thank you. [applause] in 2016, I made you a solemn pledge that whether you voted for me or not, I would be your greatest champion. Since that time, I have delivered more than I promised. One of the few politicians to do that but I believe we have. Before the China virus he built the greatest economy for african-americans in the history of our country and we are doing it again.

In the first three years, we achieved the lowest black unemployment rate in history. The black youth unemployment rate reached an all-time low. We achieved the largest job gains for african-americans on record. Black americans saw the largest increase in homeownership.

[cheering] thank you President Obama the poverty rate for african-americans reached the lowest level ever recorded. Last year, 811,000 african-americans were lifted out of poverty, the most in over 51 years. [cheering] in my first three years, we lifted 6.6 million people out of poverty, the largest reduction of any President In the history of our country. [cheering] I did more for the black community in 47 months, I don't want to ruin it, it was in the video but I will say it again. Then joe biden did in 47 years. [cheering] I here today to announce a new am plan to deliver more opportunities, more security, more fairness and more prosperity to block communities.

We call it the platinum plan. [cheering] that's a contract with black americans and it will be something people talk about for a long time to come. We will create 3 million new jobs in the black community. [cheering] open 500,000 new black-owned businesses, increase access to capital and black communities by $500 billion.

[cheering] this includes investing in community development, financial institutions, and minority depository institutions. Built up peaceful and safer urban neighborhoods with the highest standards of, and you know this of policing. ,we want the highest standards. We want the highest standards of policing. Bring even greater fairness to the justice system.

We did criminal justice reform, we remember that. Even greater. We will create a national clemency project to right wrongful prosecutions and pardon individuals who have reformed their lives. You saw alice, right? We love alice.

She had another 24 years ago, can you believe it? Twenty-two years, yet another 24 years to go. It was ridiculous and she is a great woman. Create a lot of opportunity for , a ladder of opportunity for african-American children by delivering school choice to every parent in America.

[applause] give black churches the ability to compete for federal resources for their communities, bring better and tailored healthcare to address historic disparities that we have had for so many years. You know that. This includes investing in treatments for kidney disease, diabetes, high blood pressure, sickle cell disease and maternal mortality.

[cheering] advance homeownership and wealth building in the black communities, bring more manufacturing back to the usa, which we're doing anyway. [cheering] and back to the inner cities which have been largely forgotten, although not so much in the last three years when you get down to it. Thank you. And Democrat policies that low-wage, foreign workers from overseas to replace black workers in our inner cities. Joe biden cares more about the citizens, americans living in our own country.

I will put americans first including importantly black americans. [cheering and applauding] there's much more in our plan which we are releasing today so we will give everyone a copy, it has been very well received and we appreciate that. The platinum plan is a bold vision that we can and really will achieve over the next four years, we will be able to do that, if not sooner.

Unlike my opponent, I am not a career politician, thank goodness. I keep my promises and you have seen that together we will not only build up black communities, we will help with your vote, with the platinum plan, we will lift up all forgotten communities and we will strengthen our entire nation. An incredible four years.

An incredible 40 years. We are setting a foundation for the future. When I am not here, you will be here forever.

Look at those young people out there, you will really be there a long time but want this long term. This year, the Republican party is 26 black Republican running for Congress. [cheering] where are they, are they here? A lot of them are here. [cheering] that's a good looking group of people. You are doing well, just about every instance, well we will help you do even better.

We will be helping you. We are thrilled to be joined today by eight of them, raise your hand. Which are the eight? [cheering] yah, they have what it takes.

That is great that is fantastic. , great job. One of them I have endorsed very strongly.

I saw an ad that I liked, I thought it was great raise your , hand. They've been now endorsed and congratulations, by the way. That is going to be a fantastic night november 3. ,I don't know, you're knocking to see it november 3.

He say they found ballots in a wastepaper basket. Take a look at iowa. Two member iowa? , do you remember iowa?

That was the primary. But you're going to be raising the hand november 3 shortly or thereafter. We may end up in a dispute for a with me long time because that's , the way they want it we will end up winning.

[cheering] when I gave my state of the union address, welcoming a historic number of black Republican members of Congress and take back the House. [cheering and applauding] you know, we have already won seats and they don't like to talk about that. Fake news you will find out about that. Have you figured out the fake news yet? You are young and handsome and beautiful, have you figured out the fake news yet? You will learn.

You will learn to live with it, and you will learn to do what you have to do. I think we have a couple. We just want a big one in los angeles. We have not and 22 years. A big one in wisconsin.

We are inching up and watch what is going to happen. It is going to be a big night for the House. It is going to be great. Congratulations. Already a great achievement, it really is.

Together we will fulfill our contract with black America. We will pass the platinum plan into law and will do it quickly and easily. We are also joined by a great friend of mine, doctor ben carson. Where is ben? [cheering] special man.

Doing a great job. He's been my friend from the beginning. Can I tell you one story?

He was campaigning, we had some really tough ones. A lot of them like to try to say they were tough, but they were not. [laughter] only had one thing, he wouldn't like kasich, he leave the race.

He gets minus one, he's going onto the next. This guy did great, he was incredible. He came up to me during the race race and he was doing well. He said you know you're going to win, don't you?

I said excuse me? He said you know you're going to win? He was like second and third and fourth. He was right up there.

Back tohe was right up there. Second, he was great, I learned and said we have to get this guy out of here. But he came up to me, he did.

He said you are going to win and I'll let him tell you the rest of the story if you like to do it sometime. But he gave a very specific reason and I'll never forget what he said. But he said you know you're going to win, don't you? I thought it was really nice and you know what I'm talking about so ben carson, what a job he's done.

Respected by everybody, thank you ben. [cheering and applauding] and a man who ran in the primary who, I got a call from another great man, david perdue, he said could you do a favor? There's a guy running a tough primary and he's got a tough opponent and do think you could maybe endorse him?

I love david. I said who is he? I don't know him. He said well, it's been for you, I said I heard that before but where is brian? [cheering] we did a little research and he has, he was for me all the way and I said that's good. The worst is when you endorse people who say bad things.

He only said good. I got to know him and his wife marty and said absolutely we will endorse the many he won the primary easily and they are still trying to figure out what happened in the race. I have been watching and it wasn't that close. He did not win by 15 votes. Comedy both.

, how many votes was that, brent? , brian? That is yankee stadium for world series.

Like they herd I won michigan by 12,000. I said that is on almost full madison square garden. We look at it differently.

I want to introduce also david perdue, he is an incredible guy and loves everybody in this room. Where is he? Please stand up. Is that right? Did you make that call?

He made that call. It was a good call because you governor is doing a great job. In your duff and are is doing , or governor is doing a great job and I hope you can support david and brian and all of them. Thanks also to oklahoma's black first Speaker Of the House.

[cheering] where is dw? I like that. I want to do that. [laughter] thank you, tw, great reputation, thank you. And a friend of mine, my children they will always be , children. They may be a little older than children but they are my children.

They love her. Lynn patton, thank you, thank you, and if you are anybody like ufc fan anybody like ufc? , [cheering] well I will tell you what.

He is tough. That's who he is. Where is our champ?

C'mon, champ, get up. What a fighter you are. I don't want to mess with him. You think I could take him? I don't think so. [laughter] he goes know and I think you are right.

I watched the fight you had a couple months ago, unbelievable and talent. Read up here. The muscles are important but you have got to have the other. He actually looks very good in a suit. But he's one of few people who look better without a suit.

There aren't too many of us who can say that. Right? The men in this audience. But I just want to thank you. I'll be watching the big fight coming up and it's a great group of champions.

Thank you very much. [applause] another great fighter, ali, a tough , where is he? You are so tough the two of you , guys. I would like to see you both fight, but there is a little weight difference.

Nice to see you. Good to have you. Do we have another ufc fighter here? I know we had somebody else.

I have a lot of respect for them. Anyone who comes out of the ring, I have a lot of respect. When you become the champ, I want to tell you it's a hell of a thing. That's what you live for, the belts.

The money or the built? You know what, if you get the belt, the money comes so great. Fantastic. Over the last 50 years, black americans have mostly voted Democrat but every day, more black americans are deciding that the old way is not working.

Five decades of evidence proved Democrat politicians do not care about the black community, they only care about power for themselves, whatever that means. My opponent is offering black americans nothing but the same old tired empty slogans. By the way, he is staying in again today. [laughter] hey champ, if I lose to a guy, that's like you losing to a fighter hasn't worked out in the last six months. [laughter] he never goes out, it is terrible. You better make sure I win, I would be very impressed.

I lose to a guy that didn't campaign. Do you know why he's not campaigning? I guess it's an energy factor. If I lose to a man who does not campaign, I don't know what to say to that. I cannot tell you.

The Democrat are angry at him, they say you cannot do that. I just left florida and from here, I am going to washington and virginia and someplace else and someplace else. By the way, I see kelly and collins, will you stand up? [cheering and applauding] you know, those are two champions.

They have their names in there but they probably don't want to mention them together. They are going to end up liking each other, you watch. They are two great people.

I will not skip them over. They thought it would be diplomatic, that is not diplomatic, that is stupid. Right?

[laughter] I stand here to offer solutions, I want to congratulate both, you're fighting the good fight. I want to say that. Both of you.

Really great. I sort of like it, you know why? They are going to be fighting, don't anybody get out. Anybody who going to come with them and the only thing I know for sure, they are all going to vote for me. [cheering] brian, do not let them get out, not let everybody get out. Everyone is going for both of them.

Do not have , we do not have long to go. November 3. I spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage joe biden inflicted on the black community over 47 years. I said you have been there for 47 years.

It is always great when they tell you what you should be doing and they have not done it themselves. It is not like it was funny five years ago he left, he was there three and a half years ago, right? It is one of those things.

No one in washington politics today has done more to hurt black americans then joe biden. , than joe biden. [applause] joe personally advocated or enacted virtually every policy that's caused pain and suffering in the black community, you know that. He ships millions of your best jobs overseas, how about the black middle class and with open borders, strapped children in failing schools, sent young men to fight in endless wars, they are coming back on, you see that. Then he are already back.

, many are already back. Cities crumbled at home and made cities less safe and less secure. Joe biden should be begging for your forgiveness. [cheering] my opponent drafted the 1994 disaster, the 1994 crime bill which caused unfair sentencing disparities that devastated black families.

I mean, just devastated. I've heard more about the 1994 and when we did criminal justice reform. It was largely about erasing that terrible act. That was his deal.

I rolled back the unfair provisions of the 1994 biden crime bill. I signed in groundbreaking criminal justice reform which people are so happy about. [applause] even my enemies are saying thank you for that.

Today we are glad to be joined by the first person to be released under the first step act who I was honored to have as my guest at the state of the union, a wonderful man, matthew charles. [applause] where is he? [applause] what a good man. What a smile. I looked at that smile from the podium, I was surrounded by all those killer politicians. I looked at matthews, the nicest looking guy in the House.

Thank you, you are doing well, right? You deserve what you got. You deserve it. [applause] biden supported the twin disasters of China's entry into the world trade organization that eliminated one in four manufacturing jobs held by black americans.

Joe biden's globalist agenda closed down factories in baltimore and sent them, just see what happened. All these factors, always jobs, , all these jobs, sent them to beijing, he shuddered , shuttered the plans in michigan and sent them to mexico. One of the stupidest deals I have ever seen in my life with the new u.s. , mexico and a limit creating hundreds of thousands of new jobs. We got it done and pretty quicktime to revitalize neglected communities.

Created nearly 9000 opportunities zones. Tim scott, south carolina. You know tim scott. [applause] Senator Tim scott from south carolina came to my office, came to the oval office and he had this idea and I said it sounds good and we got it done and people were surprised we could get it done and it's turned out to be incredible. Investment put into these neighborhoods which will create an estimated 500,000 jobs and lift 1 million americans out of poverty.

[applause] when the China virus struck, we raced to ensure black americans have the medical care and financial support they needed. To do the paycheck protection program which is a big deal, we helped save over 200,000 black owned small businesses. A lot of small businesses, it is incredible.

The black community has tremendous talent in terms of those businesses and small businesses. We saved at least 200,000 of them. As we continue to battle the virus, my administration is sheltering those at highest risk while rapidly developing treatments and the vaccine is coming very quickly. A couple Democrat don't want to have the vaccine because they said we don't want it because we think trump is pushing it too fast, but that's the reason we are going to have it. This would have taken years to get.

We are years ahead of schedule. This would have been two, three years by Democrat but they are very concerned because they are afraid it is happening too fast and that means we will get credit, I do not want credit, I want to save lives. [applause] we will crush the virus, , they've been doing it a long time, too long. They will deliver , if he gets elected, this guy, he will have the greatest depression this country has ever seen and that includes a big one 1929 , in 1929.

Hello. Look at you. I love her dress.

That is great. Thank you for being here, I did not know you were going to be here. Nearly 1.3 million african-americans have gone jobs in the last four months alone next year, we will be, I think it will be the greatest year, economically the greatest year in the history of this country. That is good for everybody, especially for these young political geniuses but I think we will have the greatest year in the history of our country economically and the third quarter will be announced two days before the numbers come out. Two days before the election at the beginning of november and I will say it now, these people up there will hold me to it.

They would not give me credit if I was right, but if I was wrong, it would be headlined. I think we will have a tremendous third quarter. After years of rebuilding other countries, we are finally building our country.

[applause] the path to the American dream has always been education, Republican believe school choice is the civil rights issue. [applause] and joe biden is not allowed to go there because of the radical left. He is controlled by the radical left totally. He is exhausted.

[laughter] biden promised to ban charter schools and oppose school choice. He is willing to spend billions and billions upon selling refugees from all around the world but will not spend one penny providing school choice to black children of America, which is interesting. In his first year in office of a President Obama and vp biden cut funding for historically black colleges. I have increased hbcu funding and I made it permanent. What was happening was that the first year I saw these probably 42 people came out and they were the heads of individual colleges, historically black colleges, universities, and I said how are you doing? They were nice people.

We took a picture in the white House. With me, I say come on in. We took a picture.

The next year they were there again, and I said we know the story, they were there. What are you doing back here? They said we are here because we need money again.

I said what do you mean again? And I forgot about , I said, all right, and they got it. The third year, came in again and I said what is this?

Your great people, but what? They do not have permanent funding so they can be shut out if they have the wrong president. Honestly, you wouldn't get $.10, the wrong President Would give you anything. The one gentleman looked at me and said we feel like beggars. That was a hell of a statement.

I said I understand that and I said we cannot let this happen, so we worked on it. Kelly worked on it. We all worked on it. Frankly , [applause] and I have to say, it had to go through the House. You remember that. That was a hard thing.

There were people that did not want to do it. We got it passed. We got more money than we asked for. Whatever you think you need, you need more. But we got more money than they asked for. We got it for a period of 10 years.

We signed it together, about 42 people, we signed it together. The only bad thing is I will not see you anymore. I will not see you for another 10 years. Will I be President In 10 years? That is your breaking news. I told you, he is a dictator, he will not give up power, under no circumstances will he give up our , power.

He intends to serve at least two more terms. You cannot joke. If you joke, they take it away. A little sarcasm in your joke, but then they think you are serious, and then you laugh about it afterwards.

They cut it. They say, he is serious, he wants 12 more years. They start shouting that. 12 more years.

This was offensive. He was very derisive of the black americans when he negatively compared them to another group of americans. It was terrible and he did it.

Nobody believes that all black americans have to think the same way. Today's , he does not know black americans like I do. Today's Democrat party is run by liberal hypocrites who stereotype you, disrespect you, and sell you out. They are only good for a six month period before the election and they are very nice and they want your vote. They forget all about you.

They are gone. Biden wants to lecture the country about racial justice when he spent his career hurting black americans, hurting hispanic americans and forging alliances with senators. It racial justice begins with joe biden's retirement from public life.

[cheering] today, I am urging black americans to walk away from the corrupt and very extreme Democrat party. On no issue has , Democrat have run America's inner cities for 100 years. Last year, 19 of the top 20 most dangerous cities in America were run by Democrat. The murder rate is higher in baltimore than in afghanistan, el salvador, or hunter s. , honduras.

Instead of fighting for public safety, the Democrat are attacking our police and empowering far-left rioters, l ooters, and anarchists. The Democrat' war on cops has caused black owned homes and churches to be destroyed, most tragically of all, so many innocent black lives have been taken from us. People are dying by the thousands in lack on black crime , black on black crime and I wanted to stop. People are not talking about it.

In chicago, there are weekends when 60 or 70 or more people are shot and many die. How can we allow this to go on? How can we allow this to happen? They are all Democrat run cities. Every year, thousands of african-americans are murdered at the result of violent crime in these Democrat run monstrosities. It is worse than afghanistan.

We are at war. Democrat ignore these American victims and I will not. We have to be asked to come in. They have to say, please come in.

Minneapolis, we went in and solve the problem. They would not have had a city left. Seattle, they knew we were coming in. The night we came in, they left. It was the end of that.

Look at portland. How bad is portland? We can solve that in half an hour. A bunch of young anarchists that live with their parents in a basement. I will always support the heroes of law enforcement. We have to.

Including incredible black police officers who risk their lives to keep us all safe. They protect people who they have never met before. It is very dangerous. They are amazing. Those pushing to defund the police are hurting black communities the most.

When there is police misconduct, the justice system was told wrongdoers fully responsible and accountable, and they will do that. Politicians supporting mob violence are not allies of the black community, they are causing extraordinary damage, hardship. Our nation has grieved over the tragic deaths of breonna taylor, george floyd, and ahmaud arbery.

Our hearts break for their families and all families who lost a loved one. Especially if you look, it is so senseless. But we can never allow mob rule. To have safety, prosperity, to have everything you want to have, we must ensure the rule of law. [applause] as you know, we have to.

Many of those were spreading violence in our cities supporters , our supporters , are supporters of the black lives matter, blm. It is really hurting the black community. This is an unusual name for an organization whose ideology and tactics are right now destroying many black lives. It's first phrase was pigs in a blanket, fry them like blanket, referring to our police.

The goal of blm people is to achieve the destruction of the nuclear family, abolish the police, abolish prisons, abolish border security, abolish capitalism and abolish school choice. This is not the agenda of the black community. This is the agenda of freedom extreme socialist , you know the other word.

Marxist. Communist. This is the extreme socialist left, but beyond that in my opinion. The founders of the organization call themselves trained marxists, but we have corporations out of weakness, fear, or whatever reason donating hundreds of millions of dollars to them. These are fools. [applause] the big progressive corporations donating to blm should instead be spending their money helping black families rebuild from the left-wing riots.

Wealthy liberal hypocrites want to defund the police in our inner cities while living behind walled compounds. You have to see the way some of these people live. They live very well.

If anything were to happen, they would be the first to go. Let's go get these people. They are fools. They want to get rid of school choice for black children while sending their own children to the best private schools in the land. They want to open borders, and that is what they want. They want open borders for you, but security for themselves.

They want top security, but let's open the borders and let everyone pour into our country so you will not have jobs left or anything left. That is a tremendous public health crisis. We have built over 330 miles of wall. [applause] it will be finished soon and our numbers at the border of the best they have been in decades. It is incredible what has happened.

The wall has been incredible. 330 miles. That is pretty good.

Especially because we had a party that did not want us to build it. He wanted , they wanted it 10 years ago, but as soon as I wanted it, they did not want it. We had a tremendous rally last night with about 25,000 people. I said I made a mistake. I should have said, we will not build a wall.

[laughter] and we would've had funding in about 15 minutes. I had to win six different lawsuits. Crazy nancy. She is crazy. It will be built very soon.

We are doing 10 miles a day on average. Think of this. [applause] I do not hear anymore about the wall. They do not want to talk about it anymore.

Republican will always uphold equal justice under the law. We will defend the civil rights of every single American and we will defend our God-given freedoms including religious liberty. [applause] and the second amendment, by the way. The second amendment. We have to save our second amendment.

I am the only thing standing between you and and me , and me and the second amendment. We will not be losing our second amendment. They will get rid of it. You know who they put in charge?

Data , NATO. That is a spanish name. He needed a spanish boat. , he needed a spanish vote.

He knows less about it then I do , than I do. They said he said that I was born to run for president. Even though he just lost the race.

He was hot. He said, I was born to run for president. Anyone who says that is a sure loser. Can you imagine if I said that?

I was born to run for president. He would say, this guy is whacked out. It is not easy deal going on over here.

I had a very nice life before. You knew a lot about my life. I had a great life. What the hell did I do this for, david?

What the hell did I do this for? I enjoy it. I love it.

Did you see the text messages? It is brutal. One guy said this is really illegal , I want insurance. They bought insurance with these people because they thought that they would be locked up.

We got it. Now they are going crazy. This is the hottest thing right now on the internet, all over the place.

Oh boy, oh boy. It was the exact opposite. Did you see biden's son? Where is hunter? Where is hunter? I say, where is hunter?

We made a teacher , t-shirt. I was kidding. The next day, it was the biggest selling t-shirt in history. Hunter got a check from the wife of the mayor of moscow. For $3.5 million.

Would anyone except what he was going to do for $3.5 million? Four , before biden became vice president, he got thrown out of the military. Now he is getting checks for $3.5 million from the mayor , ex-mayor of moscow.

So, we got it wrong. It was not trump. I did not have a phone call. Let's call bob mueller and put them on the case. Venue. , thank you.

I stole from him. I plagiarized from him, like bid en. That was very good. Bob's a sharp guy.

He will figure it out. How about me? Three years of investigation.

A friend of mine, very smart new york, he said you must be the most honest person and the world when 19 geniuses, bad people, but geniuses, plus unlimited law enforcement, 2.5 years, can't find anything, you have to be the cleanest person in the world. [applause] but it turned out to be the opposite story. It was them who was dealing with Russia. David, can you guys start working on that when you get back? Doug, if you do not mind?

Think of it, it was the exact opposite. Please defend the president. It turned out to be the opposite. They were the ones dealing with Russia. It was a misinformation campaign.

I think monday morning would be ok. We are appointing a supreme court justice. [applause] the Democrat do not think we should do it.

Because we have a lot of time left. But they do not think we should do it because it is , we have a lot of time left. Put them in our shoes. Do you think they are saying, well, I think we should probably not do this.

What chance do we have of that, david? Zero? They would have gone even crazier. They would have said, let's get it done immediately, they would have been working over the weekend.

They have been not good to deal with. When we build this great success, then we get interrupted by China. They should never have done that. We can never forget it.

It was starting to come together, and it will come together because we will have even greater success in my opinion next year. When Democrat try to silence pastors, and we have had great pastors appear , up here. I watched those guys and I said, I do not want to follow them. I do not want to follow them.

I was looking for somebody else to speak first, but they were great. Weren't they really great? They love you, they love the country. They at least liked me because, you know what?

If they did not, they could not do what they just did. They did it from the heart. I watched that. Will never forget it , I will never forget it. I do not forget things.

I do not forget things. Where are those guys? Man, oh man. [applause] I will never follow you again. At least we had herschel in between, right? And he did not like it, either.

Thank you all very much. That was beautiful and from the heart. We really appreciate it. We will not forget. I will fiercely defend the role of black truces , black churches in America. Joe biden on the Democrat say that black lives matter, but they do not protect the most vulnerable black lives of all.

Unborn children. They support them right up until the nine month of pregnancy. If you look at the governor of virginia, they said baby is born. And then they start to talk. I said, wait a minute, that is not abortion. You know what that is?

I call it execution. You have seen that, right? Have not heard that. Here late-term abortion. The governor of virginia, the one that thinks he is michael jackson. The one whose wife stopped him from trying to imitate michael jackson moonwalking.

He is not going to be michael. There is nobody that can moonwalk like michael. He got very lucky. That would have been the end if he would've done that. The Democrat champion planned parenthood, just founded on racism and they target the black community.

The Republican party, we believe in protecting all black lives, including the unborn. We believe every child of every race born and unborn is made in the holy image of God. [applause] Republican leave that all human life is sacred. At no time before has there been a clear choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies. There has never been a difference like this.

Our opponents want children to grow up in a socialist nation that will mean less opportunity, less prosperity, less safety, and less hope for the future. The Democrat party's message to the children is that the country's people. My message is the exact opposite.

I want them to know that they are part of the most exciting adventure in human history. No matter where your family comes from, matter your background in America, anyone can rise. Democrat divide our country by race.

Republican unite americans our shared vision of citizenship. This country is the , glorified heritage americans. Black patriots poured out their blood, sweat, heart, and soul to defend American liberty and to found our promise that we are all made equal by the hand of our almighty God. African-American leaders, listen up.

To end slavery and segregation, to secure civil rights, black heroes like harriet tubman, sojourner truth, booker t. Washington, martin luther king, rosa parks, and thurgood marshall helped build the most does , just, noble, free country. With the help of new black patriots, and there are some of them right now, we will reach new heights of glory and greatness. We are going to revitalize our cities. It is in the process. We will bring more jobs and factories back to our communities.

We will give every single child a chance to reach their full God-given dental. , potential. We will include the most inclusive community and the most inspiring future the world has ever seen and we will do that for every citizen of every background, race, religion, and creed. Together, we make unbelievable progress and achieved once unimaginable success.

Nobody thought it was possible. Your support, your vote, and your voice, the best is yet to come. [applause] this has been a great honor for me.

I have a lot of friends in the audience. I want to thank you very much. God bless you and God bless America. Dog bless the world. , God bless the world.

Thank you. [applause] (music) young man there's no need to feel down there's no need to be unhappy I said young man when you're short on your dough it's fun to stay at the ymca it's fun to ,