ID: CSPANDT199202065
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina
Date: 2020-09-19

what a crowd. What a crowd. Get those people over here, let's give them a hand.

It is a big crowd. It's always big. We want to win, we've got to win.

We want to save our country from the radical left. The radical left crazies. Thank you very much. And hello, north carolina. Hello, north carolina. I'm thrilled to be in fayetteville with thousands of loyal, hard-working American patriots.

[cheers and applause] and you know what's going to happen -- in 45 days from now, and you're watching those polls, they go up, bup, buup, up. 45 days from now, we are going to win four more years in the white House. [cheers and applause] as we meet tonight, our nation mourns the loss of a legal giant, supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg.

Her landmark rulings and courageous battle against cancer inspired all americans. You may agree, you may not disagree with her, but she was an inspiration to a tremendous number of people. I say all americans. Justice ginsburg was a close -- justice ginsburg's close relationship of a friend of mine , justice scalia, is also a reminder we can disagree on issues as well, treating each other with decency, dignity, and respect.

Our thoughts and prayers are with her family. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] thank you. Thank you. Article two of our constitution says the President Shall nominate justices of the supreme court.

[cheers and applause] I don't think it can be any more clear, can it? I don't think so. What do you think, tom?

I don't think it can be any more clear. This can have only happen -- this can only happen in north carolina. Look at that press.

That's a lot of fake news. [crowd doing] -- [crowd booing] I hope they get that chant. It's a new one.

"fill that seat" -- it can only happen to me. It says in the constitution the President Should fill that seat, and that's what I'm going to do. You said it better than you can say it.

You can read a speech, but what's better than those words? "fill that seat." you come up, you say fill that seat, and you leave. There have been 29 times a vacancy opened during an election year or prior to at inauguration -- 29 times, that's a lot. Every single time, the sitting President Made a nomination.

That included -- did you ever hear of george washington? Did you ever hear of thomas jefferson? Or how about the great abraham lincoln? I want to try one of those hats. I love that hat. Think of it -- 29 times.

Every single time -- nobody said , "oh, let's not fill the seat." we won the election. I won't say it. I won't say it, susan.

I won't say it. But tom tillis is with us. I can tell you that. [cheers and applause] great. We have great Republican senators. We have great people.

We have a great country. That's really -- we have a great country, and we are going to keep it that way. [cheers and applause] so we win an election, and those are the consequences. The supreme court was important in both the 2016 election and 2018 midterm elections, where, by the way, I did not run.

We had a lot of people saying "he really took a little bit of a shellacking," in fact we gained seats in the Senate, but they never talked about that. But we did not run, and I had a lot of people who never voted for the 18 -- I said no, no, vote. I think we were, like, 9 million people decided they wanted to wait, and they waited. You see what's going on. You see what's happening. You see the enthusiasm we have, which, by the way, we set a record in 2016.

The bad news for the Democrat is we are more enthusiastic now, not even close, then we were in 2016. [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause] we are having them outside. We should not say this is some sort of a rally. From now on, we are calling them protests. You know that have blue states.

We are going to call them protests against stupidity. [cheers and applause] you know, a lot of the people, like in michigan and other places -- we love michigan, but the governor has got them shut down. I hate to say it -- your governor has got you shut down. It doesn't look at here, but -- [crowd booing] I don't know, you're not breaking the law -- otherwise, if you are, we will have to do something about that. Now, there's a hell of a shutdown. I think your governor has to let this state open up.

[cheers and applause] and pennsylvania -- look what they are doing in pennsylvania. That's actually something very special is going to happen here in pennsylvania. It's a commonwealth.

We always have to remember pennsylvania commonwealth. We love pennsylvania, and it's shut down. The governor has got a shut down nice and tight. You know what?

On november 4, it's going to open up. [cheers and applause] because they are trying to hurt our numbers, but our economic numbers are so good, they are staggering. They are the best we've ever had -- jobs, retail, stockmarket, everything, and this is with a lot of shutdowns, like Democrat, that's all they are doing. We decided to open up, one of the teachers groups said -- one of the unions and one of the politicians in california said we are not going to do it, we need to do it, we should be open by november 4. That was not a good thing. I think that person was fired.

In both the 2016 and 2018 elections, the American people chose a President And a Senate majority, united in their commitment to selecting nominees who believe in applying the constitution as written, right? Both the white House and Senate majority have a moral duty to fulfill the promises they make to the voters, and that's exactly what we are going to do. We said that if for any reason, we have a vacancy on the United States supreme court, we will fill that vacancy.

By the way, we have plenty of time. There's a lot of time. You are talking about january 20, right? We will uphold equal justice under the law for citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. I will be putting forth a nominee next week.

It will be a woman. [cheers and applause] it will be a woman unless -- wait, let's do a pole. There they are.

How many of these have you come to, speaking of women -- number one, like, 90 -- they are great. I see them roll over in their graves. We are going to do a vote, ok.

If we believed in posters, we would not gain here right now. We just had a 53 from rest mucin, which is pretty good, considering we won four years ago. History has shown that when you are at 53, you cannot lose an election. Has anyone ever lost an election with 53?

The answer is yes, when the other side cheats. That can happen. You saw what happened in pennsylvania. Some states supreme court justice ruled they can take as long as they want to count the ballots. That means I will be leading and winning pennsylvania like we did last time -- [crowd booing] yeah, we will be leading, winning pennsylvania. We are going to win it, like you said, easily.

I just got off a plane with our chief of staff, mark meadows. Anybody ever hear of mark meadows? [cheers and applause] and deb -- what a great -- she is doing such a great job.

Mark, just a few months ago -- I've been trying to get him for three years to leave, and we've got a great person running us, you know. Everybody know madison? He's great. He's a great guy. Mark had a beautiful head of black hair, and I know that hair is turning white. We are very close to a great deal with tiktok -- tiktok -- but nobody cares about that anymore.

All they care about is fill that seat, right? Until about 24 hours ago, that's all they talked about his tiktok, tiktok. But we have a deal worked out, I think, was walmart is going to buy it along with oracle, larry ellison. It's going to be an incredible combination. I said, do me a favor, could you put up $5 billion into a fund for education so we can educate people as to the real history of our country -- the real history, not the fake. [cheers and applause] because we are getting very close to that deal, and all of the technology will be maintained here.

They will move probably to the great state of texas. They are going to move into the United States, which is what is important. Unbelievable company. They are going to have 25,000 jobs.

I gave them preliminary approval. But they are putting up $5 million. My only problem is they did it so fast I should have asked for more. Everybody says senators, congressmen, women -- they say you cannot do that. That's the problem, nothing has ever been done. We had other companies, a lot of people wanted it.

I said you got to put up $5 billion, either to the treasury of the United States or into some education funds, and they were sort of agreeing with me, they thought it was ok. They said there's no provision. Watch the crazy Democrat. They'll go, they should have gotten more money, right? Never been done before.

No matter what you do, he should have gotten more. Schumer and nancy pelosi -- crazy nancy. [crowd booing] but I'll tell you, and I set it last night, we had a great rally .

In a place we are going to win. We are going to win minnesota, has not been won since 1972. We did give them back the big iron or raid -- range.

Obama took it away with the stroke of a pen. We took it back, but I tell you what, we are going to have a victory on november 3, the likes of which you have never seen. [cheers and applause] we are counting on the federal court system to make it so we can actually have an evening where we know who wins, ok? Not where the votes are going to be counted a week later, two weeks later, but in just three and half years under my administration, we have secured America's borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the u.s. Military -- think of that.

[cheers and applause] and I shouldn't say this -- and the fake news keeps going, oh, he's giving away classified information -- no, I'm not -- we are building and we have built weapons the likes of which this world has never seen before. I said that a week ago, and it was a headline in one of these newspapers, he's giving away classic -- classified information. These people are crazy. I'm just telling you that President Putin and resident she of China -- Russia, China, North Korea, everybody -- they are so envious of what we are doing, they cannot even believe it.

Under obama, they knew immediately. We are building weapons all made in the usa. They like -- -- the like -- [cheers and applause] no country has ever seen before and hope to God we don't ever have to use them. Remember, I was supposed to be the guy that was going to get us in a war in the first week. Remember that? We kept the oil.

Is it ok we kept the oil? Let's go back to my polls, ready? We are putting -- I think it should be a woman because I actually like women much more than I like men, I have to say.

[cheers and applause] no, I do. I like women more, so I have to make a decision to fill the seat, as we say. We should have a new campaign. Let's make a t-shirt -- sylvie seat -- phil the seat -- fill the seat. That's a good idea. Phil the seat -- fill the seat.

I don't know how the hell they do it, but they get it done fast. Remember that day I said where is hunter, and the next day it was one of the biggest selling t-shirts. He took the money, he went to China, he took 1.5 billion dollars, had no experience. He did not have a job until this guy became vice president, then he went to China, got $1.5 billion. I asked the head of a great company, blackstone, one of the greatest companies in the world. How did the guy with no experience do this?

And then ukraine, $183,000 a month and a $3 million upfront payment for him and his friends -- think of this -- with no experience and no job, and they said -- do you know energy? It's an energy company that paid him. They said do you know energy? No, I don't, I'm not familiar with the subject. How the hell does this happen?

I think it will be brought up in the debate I think. [cheers and applause] where's hunter? Where is hunter? You know where hunter is? He's probably at the riviera having a good time. He's learning, he's taking a night class on energy for 100 days.

Where's hunter? They are corrupt. Remember, joe was a prosecutor. $1 million, I'm not giving it to them until they get those prosecutors away from my son or whatever the hell he said, that crazy company in ukraine. Guess what?

They got him out. There's your billion dollars. That's called quid pro quo, right? That's the real deal. Remember when shiff made the phony speech? Fortunately, we had those wonderful people that write every perfect word because we are dealing with a bunch of thieving, bad people.

So, women and men -- ready? Would you rather have a woman on the supreme court or would you rather have a man? Ready? This very scientific poll -- actually, it's a lot more accurate in these polls like 97 people have been interviewed, and then they charge you $1 million and probably don't interview the people.

Would you rather have a woman o n the supreme court? The yes, woman, yes? Tom tillis says yes.

Or would you rather have a man on the supreme court? [cheers and applause] let's give it one more quick chance. This is a free poll.

This is tens of thousands of people. This is a lot of people. You know, the fake news, they'll say he had a smattering of people. If bernie sanders had a crowd, oh, he had a massive crowd, it was so big. With me, my crowds are five times bigger than bernie's, and they will say he had a smattering of people.

Thousands. Might as well let them come on over. You had thousands of people behind these people. I would imagine the sightlines are not too good.

One more time -- who would rather have a man on the supreme court? Who would rather have a woman on the supreme court? [cheers and applause] now tomorrow, on fake news cnn, "he was playing games with the United States people.

It was a terrible thing." no, I'm just taking a poll. Please. By the way, that's a very accurate poll because that's the way I feel. It will be a woman -- a very talented, very brilliant woman. [cheers and applause] who I haven't chosen yet, but we have numerous women on the list.

I built this incredible list of brilliant people, and we are asking for biden's list. He cannot give it. You know why? Because if he ever gave a list, he would either put someone on the left middle, which would be ok, or he would put somebody -- which is who he is going to choose -- so far left. If he puts someone in the middle, he loses the entire left coast.

Last time, remember how many people he got from bernie? A lot of the bernie people vote for us because bernie is right about one thing -- trade. He is one of the most gracious losers I have ever seen.

He is. [laughter] if pocahontas left before super tuesday, bernie would have won every one of those states, but they split that vote. As a result, we have sleepy joe. We will see how that works out. I think it's working pretty good. We were winning by so much, and then the plague came in from China, and in many ways, I had to go back to work, but I had to go back to work on this 1, 2, and now we are going up and up and up and up, and we are winning, and we are winning all over the place.

[cheers and applause] because I happen to think I just say what I want, and they make up a lot of -- they will make up a lie, like what I said about military. Can you imagine? No animal would say that.

Once they did that, the only good thing I can say is I said now I can say anything. He is the worst candidate -- the dumbest of all candidates -- but he was dumb in primetime, as told to me a long time ago by someone in the Senate. Who is the dumbest in the Senate and who is the smartest in the Senate.

The smartest I won't tell you, but the dumbest is joe. That was 25 years ago. That was in prime time.

He is the history of residential politics. If I -- history of presidential politics. If I lose to him, I don't know what I'll do. I'll never speak to you again.

These guys are grilling me all the time. Stephanopoulos grilled. It's ok. It comes out well, you have to be able to answer. They are very weak compared to some of the foreign people we deal with from foreign countries, leaders of foreign countries, but I say he's always using a telefonica.

I don't care if he uses a teleprompter. That means we fake news is giving him the questions. [crowd booing] because they are giving him -- they never gave me a question. If I ever said I want -- in fact, I'm going to say it now. I want you to give me the questions before you answer and I'm going to read the questions off the teleprompter. On the questions are so easy.

Did you see anderson cooper? He has interviewed me over the years at a lot, but he's a tough interviewer. Did you see those softballs?

I've never seen softballs, and actually, they are getting hit by it. It's just a terrible thing. This is a guy -- I used to call him 1% joe because he ran numerous times and could only get 1%. Now he's shot, he's got, like, half of his head left -- think of this. He's totally shot, and he ends up getting the nomination.

He could not get it in primetime. What the hell is going on in the world today? What's going on?

What's going on, mark meadows? He's a smart guy, meadows. Great, great guy. North carolina. In just three and a half years, we obliterated the ISIS caliphate.

Remember when I had it down to 99%, they said you've got to finish it. We fixed our disastrous trade deal, which we have -- China is now paying us billions and billions of dollars, but, you know, I do it differently now. I do China much differently now.

And we brought your jobs back home to north carolina and our country. [cheers and applause] in three years of President Trump, real median household income rose by almost $7,000 -- think of that. Three years. Three years, right? Achieving the highest median income in the history of our country.

This is in three years. Under 16 years of President Barack hussein obama -- it is and gentlemen, it's President Barack hussein obama -- the great rush limbaugh -- how great is rush? Do we love rush? [cheers and applause] rush is doing great. He's a tough guy.

As rush would say, barack hussein obama. He supported me when I came down with our great first lady -- I came down the escalator, I made a speech -- I did not even have a speech writer, I had to wing it. Winging speeches are the best ones, like last night. We are going to build a wall, have secure borders, make new trade deals -- we are going to do all the things. We are going to rebuild our military, have a strong country again. We did so many things.

Rush said this -- I did not know rush. Maybe I met him once, twice, for two seconds. He became an instant fan of trump, and he was for a long time before I even got to know him, and he has been so important. You know, he's the king.

Try sitting down and talking -- just talking -- with everyone, 39 million people, often. Try sitting -- we love rush. I love rush, but try sitting down with a radio show with millions and millions of people listening and talk for three hours without phone calls -- you know, phone calls are easy. "hey, what do you think of this?" just talked. Everybody finds it fascinating and it is fascinating.

I wish I had time to listen a little more, but everybody finds it fascinating, and we gave rush because he is such an important person and did such an incredible job the presidential medal of freedom in Congress, and catherine, his wife, is great. But Russia -- rush has been unbelievable. He is so on our side and was right from the beginning.

We don't have to mention sean and laura and so many others. We don't have to mention the great lou dobbs, right? Lou liked us from the beginning.

Said donald trump is going to be a very good president. Then he went, I love donald trump, he's the best since ronald reagan. Then he went, donald trump is an even better President Than ronald reagan. That was about a year and a half in. Then the great lou dobbs said, donald trump may be the greatest of all time, greatest of all time.

And then somebody said -- can I ask you, lou, when you say the greatest, does that include abraham lincoln and george washington? He said absolutely. I love lewd dobbs.

Lou dobbs is great. His book is great. Go out there and buy his book.

We have great support. Congress has been very good lately. -- tucker has been very good lately. He has come a long way.

You know, the whole thing with our whole history, we took care of that very powerfully. We signed an executive order. We fired a lot of people that were talking about cancel culture and a lot of fake stuff that were getting paid a lot of money, that were here for a long time. Under 16 years of presidents obama and bush, the median income only rose 2500, so three years, it went up 7000. 16 years, less than 3000.

I would say that's a big difference, and that's not including energy. Look what they pay big gasoline now. Remember those days of five dollars?

You said let's get rid of that big truck, and now you find bigger trucks than they ever thought possible. You know why? Because gasoline is so damn cheap.

Remember five dollar days? Now you are below two dollars. If you add $4000 or $5,000, you are talking about $11,000. People said put the energy. In my first three years, we lifted six point 6 million people out of poverty, the largest poverty reduction of any President In America. [cheers and applause] we built the greatest economy in the history of the world, and now we are doing it again and we are doing it very rapidly.

This is a super v. They said, oh, a v is going to be very hard. This is a super v.

The economy is already in very, very good shape in a matter of weeks. We will end the pandemic from China. We will end our plague from China.

Next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our country. It's heading that way. If you take a look, automobile manufacturers, housing, retailing -- they are all setting records. They are through the roof.

Hard to believe, actually. When I say rounding the corner, they go crazy. They want to keep it going as long as possible. If you say anything possible, they say -- he's not telling the truth -- to the American public. I am, actually, telling the truth.

[cheers and applause] you know these people. They talked about -- because they said, well, winston churchill was a great leader. They said the other night, you said winston churchill was a great leader, but he didn't lie -- this guy woodward, he's another one. I compared him sort of two biden. He's sharper to -- sharper than biden, but he's shot.

Try doing a book on somebody else. See how much television time they give you, but they said the other night, and it was amazing, winston churchill. They said he didn't lie to the people, to britain. I said, well, let me ask you this -- he stood on buildings when the nazis, hitler were bombing london.

Really brave, though he may have been drinking a little bit. He stood as they were bombing london and made speeches that had everything, and sometimes had press conferences, and the fake news wouldn't show up. He was standing there, nobody was in front of him, and he was stand there and say you are safe. You are safe. Everything is ok.

Well, that's a lie, I guess, right? I never thought about it that way. They say no, he was a great leader and he was leading, and he was a great prime minister, did a fantastic job. We love our country. We want to lead our country, and we cannot let a thing like this -- this is a horrible, horrible thing that happened to the world.

They stopped it from going into the rest of China. To defeat the China virus, we launched the largest industrial mobilization since world war ii. Somebody said what grade would you give yourself?

I said a plus, but I would give myself a d -- [cheers and applause] I would say I would give myself and my whole group -- because mike pence is great. He works so hard. The ventilators, the vaccines, the therapeutics we have. Look what happens when somebody gets very sick, look how we bring them back so often compared to what it was originally.

The work that has been done, wait until you see what happens over the next few weeks with what's been going on, but the Democrat don't want the vaccine. At first they wanted a vaccine because they did not think it could happen. Now that we have it, they are going to like, we don't want it. It's the craziest thing. Think about it -- you want to get a vaccine, and they are willing to hurt people, let people die for political reasons -- think of it.

[crowd booing] honestly, I think it's a disgrace, but we surged rapid testing kits. We have more testing than all over the -- I mean, practically anybody. Number two is india.

One point 5 billion people. We are up 50 million tests more than india. In fact, we are about to crack 100 million tests, and when you test, you have cases, so we do all this testing, and I come home and turn on nbc news.

It is so -- it is so bad. [crowd booing] I think nbc -- that's not only msdnc -- there's another beauty. Hi, lester. How do you feel being in second place, lester? He surged from first-place to second-place. But nbc news is so -- I mean, it's just terrible.

They use free airwaves and then they give you fake news, right? They should pay a lot of money for this. This is not right. And bc is owned by a company called concast -- c-o-n -- you know, they are cons. I get up and make a speech with television blazing all over the world -- yet, the world, and they say concast. They just don't tell the truth.

Our country would be much better off if we had honest media, really. [cheers and applause] really would. And you see what their approval rating has gone to?

I think it's one of my greatest achievements. It's a saturday night -- we have all night. [cheers and applause] this happened last night in minnesota. You know, I have these telephone to people -- they are great. They are genius.

I was about 45 minutes into the speech and realized I was only online two. [laughter] and he was like, what do I do? But we have more fun. Hey, you now have a President That doesn't have to use a teleprompter.

Isn't that nice? [cheers and applause] and I said last night, I said -- and yeah, your friends were there, the congressman. By the way, is the media now -- I think it's getting ready close. I think they have a lower approval rating than Congress. Congratulations.

[cheers and applause] no, but it's hard, you are sitting there, you're in businesses, in construction, you've done a lot of things. You don't know what's happening. I know exactly a true story, and then it is written to totally bend the truth, to make a good thing into a bad thing. Like, can you believe it, in one week they nominated me not for one but for two nobel prizes. [cheers and applause] no, but think of that.

[cheers and applause] no, but think -- [cheers and applause] and they didn't cover the story. Obama got his the first week. A very liberal group, and nobody knew what the hell he got it for.

And he didn't know. But, you know, you have a president, you love your president, and your President Gets honored because I'm not being honored, you are being honored, with the nobel peace prize for israel. Remember what we did with israel? I went home and said to the first lady, you know, darling -- she's very popular.

She made a great speech, right? And ivanka made a great speech, right? I said let's turn on the television. You know, we don't use wind. We actually used petroleum. We use petrao because, you know, we like it to be on, like, a lot.

We don't like to have lots of open gaps, when the wind is not blowing, we cannot watch President Trump. I said, first lady, a great thing happened today. I was nominated for the nobel peace prize.

It's a big thing. I went home two days later and said, first lady, you're not going to believe it -- I was honored again. Nobel prize.

I said first lady, this is great news. Let's turn on the television. This is going to be big. This is going to be big tonight. We just got honored.

This is big. Nobel peace -- can you imagine -- you grow up in brooklyn, queens. Let's turn on the television, let's turn onto that make nbc news, and I see we have a storm. Ok.

We have it taken care of, fema is down there. Florida, alabama, georgia. We always take care of them.

We take good care of them. Texas, louisiana, we took good care of them. First lady, don't worry about it. Next story, I'm sure it's the nobel prize. We are stopping mass killings between kosovo and serbia. I said, let's get together.

They have been doing this for hundreds of years, frankly, under different names. I said that's great. With israel, uae, bahrain signed a deal with israel.

Everybody said couldn't be done. Tonight, first lady, that's the first story on nbc, but don't worry, that's a big story. You know where I stand and then there was a second story about something, and then a third story about something with me -- I don't know, something bad they found out. Then there was a fourth and fifth and sixth. I said first lady, I'm a little embarrassed. I thought we would do a little better.

And then they looked at the screen, said good night, and I wasn't covered. I got the nobel peace prize nomination -- a peace prize nobel nomination and they did not cover it. The following day, I watched the second show, and they said -- would you believe -- would you believe that they covered -- they mention, like, five subjects that were nothing. That was 18 minutes, and the peace prize, nobel version, zero times four President Trump.

Thank you very much, fake news. We appreciate it. [crowd booing] and when obama got it, it was the headline, President Obama gets the nobel prize!

We need an honest media. The free airwaves -- they lie over the free airwaves. They use them and they lie on them. They are a bunch of scoundrels.

They hate it when I say it, but honestly, they are the enemy of the people. When they lie, they are the enemy of the people. You are the enemy of the people. Damn it, the red lights just went on.

1, 2, 3 -- there's one back there. Oh, it's oan. Thank you, oan. Every time I get on this subject -- they cover me not because they want to, but they get great ratings. Come on in, folks, come on. Look at these great people.

But you know what -- I tell you what -- it's true. Any time I start talking about the fake news media, you see them getting a little tentative. The camera starts to shake a little bit. And you know there's another thing.

Look at these crowds, as far as the eye can see, it's a big crowd, right? They never covered. Last night, we had this incredible crowd. A lot of people, thousands of thousands. I mean, like, 25,000, 30,000 -- many people outside could not get in. My wife said, was it a large crowd?

I said did you watch, she said yes, but they never show. They never show -- and that includes fox, which has changed a lot. Someone said was the biggest difference between 2016 and now, and you know what I said? Fox.

They are the difference. I don't know what's going on with this, but we have some great ones, too, on fox. We surged rapid testing kits to every nursing home in America. We reduced the fatality rate by 85% since april.

Think of that. 85%. They come up with things, wait until you see what's coming over the next few months in terms of therapeutics, which, to me, is even more important than the vaccine. You go to the hospital, make people better, give them a shot, do a transfusion, that is to me even better, but ultimately, long-term, those vaccines are going to be great, and they are really working out well. It's going to be very soon. People in certain groups are trying to hold them up as long as possible -- as long as possible.

They are going to try to get sleepy joe the credit. He doesn't even know what I vaccine is. Europe is almost 30% higher excess mortality than the United States. Does anyone know that?

Nobody reports that. They have 30% higher. Our bold and early action saved millions of lives and our decisive economic response saved tens of billions of jobs, including 1.3 million jobs in a wonderful place called north carolina, right? [cheers and applause] when I band travel from China in january, sleepy joe called it terrible. "that's xenophobic," he said. I said what's xenophobic?

I don't know what that means. Who said that? I think you're my friend. She said "he has no idea where he is," but I would not say it. No, but don't underestimate him.

He's been doing this for 47 years, and I've got a debate coming up with this guy -- [cheers and applause] you never know. You never know. They give him a big fat shot in the ass, and he comes out, and for two hours, he's better than ever before.

Problem is -- what happens after that? Now -- nah, we are going to ask for a drug test. Both of us. I like him in the debate with all those people, those Democrat. The one that treated him worse was ka-ma-la. She was the one that treated him worse.

She was the 1 -- you know that -- she was the one who treated him so badly. She treated kavanaugh badly. Nobody was ever router, no one ever suffered like justice kavanaugh suffered in the hands and the mouth of those horrible people. The way he was tortured was disgraceful, and they had nothing. Those women -- most of them has already -- those women, it was all made up. Most of them have already admitted it was all made up.

They needlessly made him suffer. The leader of the pack was -- I would say kamala was. Pocahontas was a close second. How is pocahontas doing since she destroyed bloomberg? Did he get killed? Now he's trying to buy his way back into the Democrat party.

I'm going to put up $100 million in florida. He wants to be back so badly. Any man -- he's the guy who spent, like, $2 billion. It's almost $2 billion now they are finding out. He had some of the dumbest advisors -- people I know -- some of the dumbest people.

If you would have kept spending $100 million a week on ads, he could have won. He went and sued to get into the debate. That was not a good lawsuit. They settled by saying we will let you in the debate.

The first question, he was destroyed. You would think that the way the Democrat treated him, he would really come to me and say, I want you -- but his hatred and jealousy -- you know, he wants to be president, but he does not have the capability of being president, but he's going down now to florida. He's going to spend $100 million. I have to say this -- I'm not a fan of elizabeth warren. I gave her the name pocahontas.

I thought that was the end. Remember what they used to say about her? She had -- oh, well, you know it. I would say this is not an indian. She would say I'm an indian. You remember what I said?

I have more indian blood in me -- I have more in me then she has, and I have none. Unfortunately. I would like to have some. I think it could help.

But I have none, and I said I have more than she does, and then she went out and -- she choked, remember that? She went out and took a test and found out about 700 years ago, there was a possible event. [laughter] 1024, wasn't that it? Good memory. Good memory.

From has a good memory. Good memory. Not for that, but for lots of things. 1024, which meant many, many centuries ago, there could have been someone on the line. She totally destroyed mike bloomberg. We call him many mike -- mini mi ke.

He wants that platform. "I want that platform, damn it." who was the other rich guy? He just kept spending money. What was his name? Do you remember that guy? Great environmentalist, except he made his money with coal, which is ok.

I think it is. Clean coal. I like clean coal. If we had listened to joe biden, hundreds of thousands of more americans would have died. You know that.

He was way behind. This was months later, and I watched him last night reading something saying, I closed it up one week late, two weeks later, he was talking about the fact I should not be doing that to China because I was xenophobic. It's unbelievable. They will say anything. It's called disinformation. They will make up a lie, make up a story, and they will go with it.

It makes no difference if it's true. And they will take ads -- it's the worst group of people. He's surrounded by dishonest people, but they are very smart. He's not smart.

They keep him from talking. They took a man who's got nothing -- I will give them credit, the single greatest campaigner in history, but you know what? If he wins, north carolina is screwed, and so is everyplace else.

You can forget the tobacco industry. You can forget the farmers. I got the farmers 28 billion dollars.

Thank, President Xi. -- thank, President Xi. Because you were targeted. Iowa, nebraska, I said how much? Sonny perdue.

$12 billion, $16 billion, you were targeted. We never took 10 since in from China. Now we are getting billions and billions and billions of dollars. 20 $1 billion is a lot of money. But it's a small part of what we've got.

Who do you think China would like to see win? Sleepy joe -- we are driving them a little crazy. They don't like trump too much. But now biden is recklessly campaigning against this vaccine.

It's really reckless. All of this is for political reasons. Biden, his whole deal is catastrophic shutdown.

We are getting better. We are coming along and he's talking about shutting down. We are not doing any shutdowns, we don't need shutdowns.

Maybe a little area if it starts to spike. We have to take care of our senior citizens. He says, I will do whatever my medical people wants. I believe in science. He does not know what science is.

We are not doing any shutdowns. Without the vaccine we are rounding the turn. That's another one that will be controversial. It will say, he saying that it happens. Without the vaccine it's going on. With the vaccine, even better.

It will be faster. Biden's own chief of staff said when they managed the h1n1 that he calls the and 181. That's an easy one because h comes before. And he always gets it wrong. Like seven times, it's great to be with the great people of iowa. They will say, sir, you are in idaho.

I never made that mistake, so far. But I would say, if you do just leave the states because you can never recover. You can it's because well. Winston churchill was a speaker. He stuttered and became one of the greatest speakers ever.

You can become winston churchill. If you make the mistake just leave the stage. He has made it often times, right new hampshire, and it was mama. I think there was one and he was in ohio and he said he was in florida, right? That he cannot find any palm trees. We just got a poll from ohio, through the roof.

Great state of ohio. Good governor. Great state of ohio. But when they managed the h1n1 swine flu, this was from his top person that ran it. "we did every possible thing wrong. 60 million americans got h1n1.

In that time, it was just a total disaster. He basically said we do not know what the hell we were doing. This is a guy that will tell us what to do with something that is much more need -- much more lethal.

H1n1 had the same fatality rate as the China virus. Over 2 million people would have already perished. They did not know what they were doing.

That guy cannot be very popular in Democrat politics. Just remember, he is telling us how to do things. We are building ventilators. We are the ventilator capital of the world.

We are sending them to other countries, we have so many. We have made a lot of governors look very good and they all admit it until the press comes in and they say it's ok. We took care of governors, we took care of the states. A november third north carolina will decide whether we will quickly returned to record prosperity or whether we allowed joe biden to oppose a $4 trillion tax fright, ban American energy, confiscate your guns. [booing] shut down our economy. [booing] destroy the suburbs.

You know they were saying that women in the suburbs, they are not sure if they like me. They are starting to like me a lot lately because its law and order. They want law and order. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. It's true. I heard the same thing for years ago. Women will not vote for men. They are all in shock. Did very well with women.

Women were great. We were way above everything. African-American we did great.

Hispanic we did great. Having seen african-American and hispanic American numbers? If it holds true, we will have set a record for a Republican. [cheering] a lot of jobs. A lot of jobs.

A lot of great taking. But he wants to get free health care to illegal aliens. That will destroy our country because two things happen. We can't afford it and everyone will come pouring into our country. Right now they are saying, wherever they are. When you say we will give free education, we will give you free health care, we will take care of you, everything will be perfect.

We will give you every single family -- watch. He lied about this. Every single family is going to be given a brand-new silver cloud rose royce. -- rolls-royce. Cnn said he lied about the fact that they are not getting a rolls-royce. Remember when I set, Russia, if you are listening find out were -- where her emails are.

Everybody laughed. They play it all the time, but he spoke to Russia. And they cut it off before the end. I say Russia, if you are listening.

These people are sick. He wants to erase the borders. It was supposed to be a joke. They refuse to go back sure quarter of a second.

He wants to indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies in education. [booing] to combat the toxic left-wing propaganda and our schools I am launching a new pro-American lesson plan for students called 1776 commission. It's already done. [cheering] [chanting usa] and still your kids come home and tell you things. They tell you thing that's a disgrace.

We are taking school funds away from these crazy schools that are teaching horrible things. Bad things, actually. We will teach our children the truth about America, that we are the most exceptional nation on the face of the earth, and we are getting better every single day. [cheering] and no party can lead America that will not teach our children to love America. No party can do that. The sleepy campaign has joined forces with those trying to tear down America and our way of life.

We have a great way of life. Getting better every time. Look at what we've done. Biden has supporters to help bail rioters out of jail, including one who has attempted murder. [booing] one way attempted to murder a police officer and a man accused of sexually assaulting an eight-year-old girl.

13 members of biden's staff donated to the same fun -- that is where they are coming from. He is trying to go a little bit more right, like the fracking. But in six months he is thing there will be no fracking. I don't think the people of pennsylvania are thrilled with.

Considering your taxes could quadruple. I tell it all the time. Texas, they like oil. They like guns, right, in texas. They like guns. And they like God.

So he comes out with a platform. We don't want oil. This is during the Democrat deal. There will be no oil, there will be no God, there will be no guns. This is not a good campaign.

Then the fake news is says, donald trump is tied in texas. I'm tied. Last time I was tied in texas until the day of the vote than they announced the second they called. The polls in texas have closed, donald trump has won the state of texas. [cheering] think of it. Think of it.

He's against oil, he's against guns. They will confiscate your guns. Second amendment will be destroyed.

Look at what I've done. Do you think it's been easy? They want to get rid of the second amendment. They will get rid of the guns, right? And religion. Look what they are doing to religion.

The states -- everything closes except you are allowed to protest. Everything we do is a protest. Look at all those people back there.

Look at that. [cheering] turn the cameras around, please. They never do it.

Turn the cameras around, please. Thank you. That's a lot of people. We are proud of you.

That's a lot of people. They never do it. I say turn the camera. Right from the beginning they never did. They don't want to give us credit for these big crowds.

When you see crowds like this, or in wisconsin that I had a few nights ago, or lastnight was so incredible. What we had last night was incredible. Minnesota. 1972.

We will win it. 1972. That's a long time ago. I think reagan won every state except for minnesota. We will win minnesota.

What we've done for them. We've opened up their livelihood again. How about main?

I've opened up 5000 square miles of ocean. Obama closed it. They said, why? He had no idea.

No fishing, no nothing, they called it a monument. Right off the shore. If I don't win maine -- maine traditionally is not very Republican. But I won maine as well last time. I love maine.

I love maine. But think of what I did. I opened the waters up for fishermen and for lobstermen and women. Now they go, lobster fishing -- now they go lobster fishing. I said, why did they close it.

Nobody was old -- nobody was able to tell me. I had an executive order. Then I got the tears.

They could not do business in European union's or in China because they were charging tariffs in maine. So canada would take our fish a mobster, we would sell it to canada for nothing, and they would sell it to China the cousin they did not have to pay tariffs. Not only did I get the 5000 -- think of 5000 square miles. You think -- you take one square mile, multiply it by 5000, that's a big area, even in an ocean.

It was the best area. The best. I got rid of the tariffs. I told them, if you tariffs our maine lobster people and fishermen and women, if you tariffs, ok.

We will tariff your cars, which is a bigger idea. It was amazing how quickly those tariffs were taken off. I did that all for maine in two weeks. It took me two weeks.

Once I found out about it it was hard to believe it ever happened. I did that for maine and somebody said I was down in maine. How the hell could I be down in maine after what I did? If I do that for maine and maine does not go for trump, I don't think I'm going back, ok. [laughter] I can tell you one thing, their Senator Never did it for them.

Joe biden and the Democrat want to cut police departments nationwide. Here in north carolina, nearly 50 Democrat state House members and candidates have signed a pledge to/police funding -- to slash police funding. I was recently honored to be endorsed by 54 sheriffs throughout the state, and we are joined by many of them tonight. Where are they?

Thank you. [cheering] thank you, folks. Thank you. Thank you. We have to take care of our law enforcement.

Nobody can do the job like them. We have to let them do their job. We have to stop this nonsense. I was endorsed by -- think of this, new york's finest. Bill de blasio does not have a clue of what happening. I think sleepy joe is worse.

Because this other guy is an ideology that is terrible. The first time they have ever endorsed a presidential candidate. They endorsed me three weeks ago. That takes courage.

Think of it. Chicago. The police in chicago, they can do that job. We do have to bring in the national guard. When we do it will take 30 minutes and it's over.

Like we did in minneapolis. Remember that beautiful scene they lined up and went down, there was no social distancing in between these great guys. There was no social distancing talk until it went down and they had to larger $50,000 outfits. They have more crop in their helmets with my goggles and these -- with night goggles and these guys were wiseguys.

Shouting and screaming at them. They went down. They never had to stop.

It was just forward. It all ended in minneapolis. It took what, at half an hour? They hit the cnn reporter in any and he went down. -- in the knee and he went down.

He said, this was a friendly protest. Behind him it was all fire for blocks. It looked like berlin during the war. What are they doing?

How does that help to be like that? How does that help? We are joined by really great friends of mine and war years have been a fantastic help to me. One man who has been so great and could not be better and I think he is doing very well.

I am looking at some numbers. I think your opponent has some very big problems. Senator tom tell us.

Thank you, tom. [cheering] thank you. He's been great. Smart guy. He has a couple of bills he is putting in.

One in particular I love. That is sanctuary cities cause problems. You can soothe the sanctuary city. We have to get that when moving.

That's moving along. That's a great one. A man who I just did a phone call for the other night and the people love him. He is now leading. I see you are up in the polls. Congressman richard hudson.

Great guy. [cheering] great guy. He's a warrior. And to people I really like because we fought like hell for them a year ago. They had guts and they had what it takes. They did not choke.

A lot of people choke. Craig murphy and dan bishop, they did not choke, they are fantastic. They are fantastic.

We are friends. Those two guys were incredible. Thank you very much. Really great job.

And a man that should be your governor, I don't know, he's doing well. [cheering] lieutenant governor dan forrest, everybody. [cheering] thank you, very much. Handsome guy.

Looks like cary grant. I hear you are doing really well. This guy has the state totally closed down. It's ridiculous. When are they going to open? I guarantee if it was dan, it would have been opened up.

You would have done better. And north carolina Republican party chair, michael watley. Michael. [cheering] great job, michael.

How are we doing, michael? Are we up? If I lose north carolina I am getting out of here.

Look at that. This is not -- just so you know -- a crowd of a man that's coming in second. I say it all the time. I said it when I left michigan 2016 the night of the election. We had 30 2000 people and hillary was there in a prime location. She had about 400 people.

I got there at 12:00 in the evening and I started speaking at 1:00 in the morning of election day. When I left, 32,000 people we had. 32,000 people. It's now election day. I start speaking at 1:00 in the morning.

You never saw anything like it. I said that does not look like we will lose michigan. We didn't. We won michigan. First time in decades.

And you know what we've done? Many, many car plants are opening up. A great gentleman is just retiring. The prime minister of japan I said, shinzo we need more car companies. We want them built here, not in japan.

He said, but we cannot do that, this is a free enterprise system. I said please, I need car companies. I said you have to do it.

Next day it was the story, five car companies opened up in michigan. So much for free enterprise. He is a friend of mine. He's great.

He's great. They are lucky he is a friend of mine, I would have been much tougher. It's hard when you have a friend, but they did a lot. What they have done here in japan and in michigan, ohio, what they've done. We all love south carolina, right? Now south carolina, we are winning here, but south carolina , I don't want to make you upset, we are winning by about 400 points.

I spoke to a great person in south carolina. They said you don't have to come here. What the hell is the difference? We are up and we are up good, but I would love for you to tie south carolina. Got a lot of activity in south carolina.

They are doing great. You had the best year you've ever had, they had the best year they've ever had and we are going to have a better year. We are deeply honored to be joined by military spouse amy williams who was reunited with her husband, sergeant first class townsend williams. At my state of the union address.

Everybody remembers that. Everybody remembers. Look at that. Hi, amy. Hi, amy. We had a great state of the union.

You are looking well, thank you very much. Say hello to the whole family. Thanks to the incredible sacrifices of our warriors, and they are warriors, we are pursuing peace in afghanistan. We are very close.

We will soon be down to 4000 soldiers. We are taking them out. They are serving as policeman.

They have done a great job. We could win everything but I am not looking to kill 3 million people to win what? Should've never been in the Middle East. We are bringing them back. Just a you know, we are bringing them back from iraq. We are down to 2000 soldiers in iraq.

And in Syria we are all finished except for one thing. I decided to keep the oil. We took the oil and we kept it. I wally support America's incredible military families. Thank you.

And everything we do we are putting America first, unlike others. Not just obama and biden. This has gone on for many years. We put America first and that's what we are doing.

Other countries, for the first time in decades, respect us again. They respect us again. We know all about NATO, 28 countries.

We had six countries that were current. Six countries. I went in and I said you have to pay.

You are delinquent. They said, really? They said you have to pay. Obama would go and make a speech and leave.

We said, you have to pay. We are protecting Europe but they are screwing us on trade. It's not fair.

The Secretary General of NATO said -- and you know the fake news can call them up and check. He said he's a greatest we have ever seen. For 20 years it is like this and we pick it up. Every time it goes down day did not pay -- they did not pay. It will be attacked by rush hour somebody and you are delinquent. You don't pay your bills.

That includes Germany. They are paying 1% 2% is way too low. 2% military spending.

We got, listen to this. It never gets reported by these fakers. We got $130 million more, more, not total, more, going in over three years, $400 billion. We are going from 130 billion with a be, to $400 billion. And they said to me, they said to me, a very nice guy head of one of the tables. I can't believe it never got released but now we can talk about it because it was three years ago.

They said, sir -- and this was a big private meeting -- because I said you have to pay your bills. We are protecting you and your not paying your bills. Some did like poland and others, but most did not. We had six to eight that were current and we were paying much more than we should have been paying. Europe, we have to defend ourselves. There was no guarantee they would help us if we had a problem.

We will never have a problem, we have so much stuff. We were depleted. But they said to me, does this mean -- I had to give in this answer, I cannot believe it did not get leaked by some sleazebag. A lot of it is just made up by the news. They make up phony stories.

They say donald trump woke up today in a very bad move. According to sources. There is no source, they just made it up. I woke up and I was in a bad mood.

I have been in a good mood because we are doing so much for our country. We have done so much for our country. [cheering] but at the NATO meetings one of the presidents of one of the good countries, all good. They said sir, does this mean if we don't pay they you are going to leave and not protect us? I said yes, that's what it means. I'm sorry.

It was an amazing effect because of the President Said, no, we will always protect you. We will always protect you. Even if you don't pay. Even if our taxpayers are paying for everything.

Even if you take advantage of us on the trade. You don't let our stuff in but you sell us like crazy. Even though you tariff our products.

Even though you take it vantage of us with the military. They said, we will always protect you. Why the hell would they pay? They said, these guys are stupid. Does this mean, sir, that you will not protect us anymore if we don't pay?

I said, I'm sorry to say, it does. Three years ago it's a big story. It was amazing how the money came in.

So we took in 130 billion a year going over a three-year time to 400 just because I asked. Just because I asked. They don't report that story. That we got lightweights that I fired and they write books about me that I'm a bad guy.

He's a terrible guy. He treats our allies so badly. Our allies treat us badly.

Our ally treat us worse than our enemies. They take advantage of us. Everyone takes it vantage of your country. We don't put up with it. The funny thing, we get along better now because they respect us again. Before they thought we were stupid.

They respect us again. Look at israel, look what we did. This guys the worst negotiator. He gave Iran 150 billion plus 1.8 billion in cash.

He never walked. Sometimes in a negotiation when you have given everything and you cannot give anymore, then they want more, you get up and walk. Remember the bicycle accident? That was the only time he wrote his bicycle.

73 years old. I promise, I said I will never, ever ride a bicycle in a race or any other time frame. I will never write a bicycle during a negotiation.

He broke his leg and his arm and he was also rude up. That was a good thing because it delayed the signing of that horrible deal. We had some terrible negotiators.

I saw him the other day. This was him a year ago. Mark my words, you'll never, ever sign deals with arab countries, with israel, it can't be done.

We just signed the two great ones. We have about seven more that want to come in. What a bunch. What a bunch. And then they say bad things about your president. They don't like my foreign policy.

I like my foreign policy. We were taken advantage of by the whole world. So stupid. So stupid. We spent the last four years reversing the damage that biden and his crew inflicted on us over a 47 year time frame.

Joe biden has supported every globalist sellout of north carolina, the workers, what he's done. When I say him, it's him and people in his little group that you have achieved so much over a certain time. How bad was nafta? China's entry into the world trade organization. Tpp would have destroyed our car industry. Of course he joined and wanted to join the paris climate accord.

That's another beauty that would have cost you trillions and trillions of dollars. That was designed to put us out of business, literally. Biden has repeatedly surrendered your jobs to China and to other countries.

43% of all manufacturing jobs after the nafta and China disasters. You lost 43%, but I think the real number is 61%. Biden says that this is an election between scranton -- by the way, he left scranton. He likes to say he was born in pennsylvania.

His father left, not his fault, but to he went to delaware. He does not leave delaware. That I can tell you. Every time I see this guy, wilmington, delaware.

Does he ever leave? I am los angeles working on the fires. There to do forest management a little bit, maybe. Ridiculous. The force of the forest have 20 years of leaves and trees that are dry as a bone, matchsticks. Forest management.

This is an election not between scranton and wherever it is -- it's really between scranton and China. I'm with America, biden's with China. If biden wins, China wins.

If we win, America wins. North carolina wins. And the American workers win in every single state. To save our auto industry -- I withdrew from this horrible, tolerable deal of the transpacific partnership.

Earlier this year I kept my promise to north carolina when I ended the nafta nightmare. You got hit so hard, all those empty all over the place, but a lot of them are filled up. When did they fill up? Over the last three and a half years. I signed the brand u.s.-mexico-canada deal into law. Which will bring thousands of high-paying jobs into the United States.

It's already doing it. We invested $2.5 trillion in the u.s. Military.

Defense spending in north carolina has soared by more than $1 billion a year. Congratulations. Good job. We launched the first new branch of the u.s.

Armed forces. This would be a big achievement. This is one of so many different things to try.

The military, the vets, everything. We have done so much, but 75 years. Last one was the air force. The army, the navy, the air force, the marines, the coast guard, they are so good.

We have another one to announce after 75 years. Space Force. I never even promised that.

One of them said recently that he has done more than he promised in the campaign. That means I'm probably the only politician in history. They will tell you, these incredible women up here from north carolina. Stand up, will you, please.

These are the most incredible. Stand up. Turn around for the cameras so they can see how incredible you are. Man oh man.

What other life -- what a life. We took care of the v.a. With veteran's choice. What obama passed was nothing. It was not working. And accountability where we can fire people in the v.a.

That are not taking great care of our events. You're fired, get out. Out. We killed the founder and leader of ISIS.

[cheering] we took out the world's number one terrorist and a mass murderer of American troops and many others. He's dead. I kept my promise. Recognized the true capital of israel, and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. Now we got it builds.

I was signing a sheet of paper. $1.1 billion. I said, what's this for? They said, sir we are going to build an embassy in israel and Jerusalem. I said how much is it, 1.1 billion.

I've got some friends of mine that are builders. You don't spend 1.1 billion on this. I said, doesn't have to cost so much? Yes sir, we are buying land.

I called david freeman, one of the most successful lawyers in new york. He loves israel. I said they want to spend 1.1 billion on this one story embassy. I said you take a look. Maybe we owned some land.

We own a lot of land. He calls me back and says, let me take a look at it. We have a great piece of land. A much better location that we will way overpay for.

A much bigger piece. We have a setback building that we can renovate and make a trade. I said that's fantastic, david. How much will it cost to renovate the building? I think we can do it for $190,000.

I said, david, the first time I've ever done this. I said you have to spend more than that. A friend of mine has an office building and he has Jerusalem stone facing the elevators in this high-rise. Jerusalem stone.

I always say you have to see Jerusalem stone. He paid a fortune. He does not talk about anything but this Jerusalem stone. As a david, do me a favor.

You are in Jerusalem. Do they have Jerusalem stone? They got so much that they don't know what to do with it. I said use all Jerusalem stone when you do your renovation. Everything will happen in Jerusalem stone. I think we ended up spending $500,000.

We are going to spend 1.1 billion. And it would never get built. It would not be built in 20 years.

They like it so much that they gave up the plan. They think it's a better location. The biden agenda -- I can tell you stories like that all night long. The aircraft carriers that cost 10 times more than they should cost, then they use the electric catapults. They don't want to use steam. Why?

Because it's too simple. Because it works. Because it's better. So they go to electric catapults that they are working on for years. Elevators that are operated by magnets instead of hydraulic magnets. Sounds good, trust me, it does not work.

One little glass of water, those magnets are gone. I asked the architecture, have you ever built a ship before? Unbelievable. You heard the story last night about air force one.

Saved a lot of money. I said to boeing, it has to have a three in front of it. There were going to buy air force one, 5.7 billion. 5.7 billion. That's a lot of money. It's a hell of eight deal.

It's a hell of a plane. I said how much is the new plan -- plane? 5.7 billion. I said that's a lot of money. It's two planes.

Air force one's two planes. Air force one is to planes. That's classified information. They have been flying around the two planes for 30 years. Our air force one is 31 years old.

A lot of the arab sheiks come in and they have a brand-new one. I say, what do we have, we have 31 years and we are protecting them. Why the hell don't we have a new one? 31 years old.

The new one is different. 747. Bigger wingspan.

It's modern, it's beautiful. 5.7. I said to the head of boeing, nice guy, dennis. He said, this is before they had their difficulty. It's terrible what happened to them. I said, I'm not going to spend 5.7 billion on a plane.

I won't do it. It's too much. I said it has to have a three on it. He said, we can't do it. He called me up the following deal -- day and said we will take 200 million. We are gaining.

I said you have to be extra generous. He said we will take 200 million. I said, no. I said to the General In charge. I said, general, can we break the deal? He said we have a cancellation.

That's good, execute your cancellation laws. I will not pay $5.7 billion for air force one. He said, yes sir. I'm very proud of this. Because we have the right to cancel. $250 million.

I said, don't cancel it. Take it back. Just tell them we don't like the plane. I cannot even say I am going to buy it from Europe. The only competitor is Europe.

I can't say we will buy it from Europe. I don't want to send them a check, 250 million for nothing. I said, just tell them we don't like it we don't like it, but don't send anything, don't put it in writing.

Please, general. About a week later the head of boeing called me up and said, we can get it down but you are asking for too much. It has to have a three on it, not a four, but a three. So another month goes by and I get a call from boeing.

With 3.9 -- would 3.9 billion be ok. I said that is fair. True story. True story and then somebody said it's true. I said we have a much nicer paint job. We have a much nicer paint job.

You know that. It actually got an extra generator. So it's actually more. But they said we could use an extra generator. I said, is there anything else you need? They said, we could use an extra generator.

I said, we will get it. So I had it included in the price. Think of it. There are hundreds of deals like that. But you are one person.

And that's why I got mark meadows involved. Because he's from north carolina . He's from north carolina and he's cheap as hell.

I need some cheap people. I could tell you hundreds and hundreds of stories. I could tell you so much it's crazy. The biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy your country. It would destroy your social security and protections for pre-existing conditions. You will drain your medicare by giving away your health care to illegal immigrants.

I will to you this, you will have socialized medicine. [booing] and obama lied 28 times when he said you could keep your plan. It was a lie.

He said it 28 times, that we have, but it was a lie. And now you are really losing your doctor. You have socialized medicine. Elliman a private health care insurance for 180 million americans love their health care. They had the best in the world. His running mate sponsored the socialist takeover of health care.

You saw that. He wants to ban private insurance. You will lose 180 million people. He has no clue, they are going to take it away from him and running him ragged. Sign this. Sign this.

What is it? Doesn't matter, just sign it right now. I'm getting tired. I would like to rest. That's no way to get into the office. We will have a woman President Some day.

But you know what, it cannot be, kamala. Nobody treated him worse and he picked her. You could never pick her. She called him a racist, right? She talked about me tooing him.

There was nobody, even -- think of it, even pocahontas treated him better. She knocked the hell out of bloomberg that she left him alone. I heard she felt sorry for him.

I do want people to feel sorry for our president. I want other people -- really, to feel sorry for themselves because we have somebody that knows what they are doing. We can joke, we can play games, we can have fun, you cannot have this guy as your president. Maybe I will sign an executive order, you cannot have him as your president.

[cheering] but you know this. Everybody knows this. And you know what, people are going to vote for him because they feel sorry for him. I feel sorry for him to. Maybe he will show up for an hour and a half at the debate. Who the hell knows.

You see the condition he is in or you cannot have him as your President And you cannot have her as you're vice president, potentially going to be president. That is why they are pushing so hard because they know he will be out soon and she will take over. She is the furthest left person of everybody. She is rated, rated, not by me, she is rated further left than either -- than even bernie sanders.

[booing] and just in concluding. Over the next four years we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China and other countries once and for all. We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States.

[cheering] and right here in the great state of north carolina. By the way, get out and vote, please. Ok. We will hire more police. Thank you, sheriff.

We got the endorsement from all the sheriff's in florida. Everybody up in ohio and texas. We have the stuff -- nobody has ever seen anything like it, the endorsements from law enforcement. We will increase penalties towards enforcement.

We will ban sanctuary cities. We will defeat everybody that we have to, including the virus, but we will defend the dignity of work, and we will endure the sanctity of life. We will oppose religious liberties, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens and we will keep -- you know this, right?

It's ok, right? We will keep America out of these ridiculous foreign wars. We will maintain America's unrivaled military, and we will ensure peace through strength.

It's about time. We will end surprise medical bills, require price transparency and further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs, which we are doing an unbelievable job of, other than the fact that the drug companies are spending a fortune because they don't like me much. You will see prescription drugs dropping 50%, 60%, 70% in a very short time. We will strongly protect medicare and social security, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. [cheering] America will land the first woman on the moon and the united aids will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars -- United States will be the first nation to land in national on mars. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriot education to our schools.

Patriotic education. We will teach our children to love our country, on our history and always respect our great American flag. [cheering] and we will live by the timeless words of our national father, and we will never change it. They took the word God out of the pledge of allegiance. [booing] I said, did they make a mistake?

Did they make a mistake? They made a mistake for us, we will not put up for it. We will keep "in God we trust" for years. You had a President Will apologize for America, now you have a President Who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of north carolina. [cheers and applause] this is the most important election we have ever had. Remember it.

We are going to be a socialist country, we will be a communist country. These people are much further left than socialism. These people are sick. Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, that your coworkers and get out and vote.

[cheers and applause] and watch to make sure they are not cheating, which they will be. Early voting has already begun, don't wait, get out and vote. If we win this state we will win the whole thing. This is a very important state. If we win north carolina, we will win the whole thing. We are doing well everywhere.

From bloomington to charlotte, from concorde to rollin, and from greensboro to right here in fayetteville. [cheering] we inherit the legacy of generations of north carolina patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation. We stand on the soldiers of American heroes, across the oceans, blazed the trails -- paved the wilderness, dug out the panama canal, paved down the railroads, raised up the sky creepers, one -- skyscrapers. 12 world wars. Defeated fascism and communism and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And you have not seen anything yet.

Proud citizens like you help build this country. Together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, with your devotion, with your tried, we will keep on working.

We are going to keep on fighting and we will keep on winning. Winning. Winning. Do you hear that? [cheering] we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, with the incredible people of north carolina, we will make America wealthy again.

We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you very much.

Get out and vote. Vote. Vote.

Vote.