ID: CSPANDT2310202091
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Pensacola, Florida
Date: 2020-10-23

hello, pensacola. Hello florida way. There's something going on out there.

You know, there's our big crowd of people you know, the other side is getting a little nervous. They're a little bit shaky right now. The same this is worse than four years ago. They're saying it's really great to be with you. These crowds air incredible.

These crowds air incredible. These. I mean, you can't see it from here.

There are people on that side that go all the way down longer than football fields way. We're also joined by many incredible patriots from the great state of alabama. We got to say, alabama way love alabama, right? Thank you, alabama. 11 days from now we're going to win my home state of florida, and we're going to win four more years in the white House for more great year. Four more successful years last night, the American people.

So the contrast between a five decade career politicians. Sleepy joe, right? How do you think he did in the debate last night? Yeah, he was sharper's attacked. Who was fighting on lee for himself in a businessman who's fighting for you.

I'm just fighting for you. Biden works for big tech, big media there. His boss, they're his boss. They keep it nice and quiet.

He's got a scandal, corrupt politician. They keep it out. They don't wanna let any story go. And I have to give great credit to a paper called the new york post. I gotta give him great, great his big donors. I'd be the greatest of all time raising money, but I don't want to call up every guy on wall street and say, you've got to give me $10 million.

It'll give it to me. I would have numbers. I don't need the money. Last time we did it with a very small fraction of the money that crooked hillary is right? No, but they were saying he raised a lot of money.

That means he's making deals. It's so easy. I work only for the American people. I work only for you.

Joe biden uses his public office to enrich himself and his family. I use public office to bring jobs and wealth back to American workers and American families. With your vote, we will continue to slash regulations, lower drug prices, favorite nations. You know what I'm doing.

The drug companies don't exactly like me too much lately. Big pharma. You know what?

Who cares I'm doing the right thing. Favorite nations. You'll see numbers 50 60 70% lower. There's the first time in 52 years. Last year where drug prices came down. Not much, 1%.

But you know what? First time they've ever come down. But now we're going for the big one. We pay the most of any country in the world by far.

We're going for favorite nations where we pay the lowest price anywhere in the world to match way support. Our police are great law enforcement are police way protect our second amendment, which is under seize, but not with me. It's that we defend our borders.

Maintain energy. Independence. Did you hear joe last night? Made a big mistake. He made a big mistake. I said, oh, you're against oil.

Well, yes, we would like to get it. Oh, I said thank you, texas. Are you watching?

Right, pennsylvania? Are you watching ohio? Are you watching? And then today they came. Well, actually, we're not really against it. We don't know.

They didn't know what the hell happened. No, I think he should have lost about five or six states with that one. That was not good. It was his last. That was the last question.

It looked like he made it. It looked like it was gonna be okay. He got off the stage going back to his basement and then they hit him with the energy question. They hit him with a thing called oil. And he said, no, no, we wanna wean ourselves off by 2025.

I think he meant later than that. But he got the dates mixed up, and somehow they didn't like that in texas and pennsylvania and a lot of other places, even you don't like it. You know what? You don't like it because you like your gasoline.

$2 unless a gallon thinking that's like, you know what, $2? Unless that's like a big tax cut of which you've had the biggest in the history of our country. By the way thing. You want to ensure mawr products or proudly stamped with the phrase made in the usa.

That's what we're doing way will deliver record prosperity epic job growth. 11.4 million people over the last few months. It's a record, a safe vaccine that quickly ends this horrible pandemic, and we're rounding the turn with or without the vaccine. We have the vaccines. They're going to be great.

But with or without it, we're rounding the turn. Normal life. That's all we want fully resuming. We want normal life to fully reserved and that's happening.

Don't forget, we had the greatest year in the history of our country last year. And then we got hit with the China plague, right? We got hit with the China plague. We signed a great trade deal with China.

In fact, three weeks ago, they bought the largest amount of corn, the largest amount of soybeans. Beef, everything. Largest deal ever. Largest because they know we're not happy.

We're not happy because what they did to us, you know, they stopped it from going into the rest of China. But they didn't stop it from coming out to the world. Us, Europe, the rest of the world, 188 countries that China plague. But we have the most successful year that we've ever had. Next year is going to be more successful than last year. That's what super I gave the largest tax cut in tax reform in American history, and we will cut taxes again for the middle class even more.

By contrast, sleepy joe biden will give you the biggest tax hike in history. He's looking to give you the biggest think of it. Does anybody have a 401 k? Because you could just throw it right out the window. If that happens, this election is a choice between a trump super recovery and a biden super depression.

Because that's what you're gonna have. It's a choice between a boom and a lock down. Did you hear him last night? I'd lock down the country.

We're not locking down anything. We're not gonna lock down. We've learned about the way, understand the disease.

We understand the disease. I understand it better than you. I had it. What the hell was that all about? Right, sir?

You've tested positive. I said tested positive for what? But you know, the doctors took great care of me.

They're great. Walter reed and johns hopkins. I had more doctors that I have this on my left. When you're president, you have a lot of doctors you're laying down. You got doctors all over the place, their hands on every part of your body. And I'm saying I don't like it, but I wasn't feeling great.

And they gave me something that was unbelievable. Next day I wake up and I say, man, I feel like superman. Rip it off.

Let's go. I've got to get back to work for the American people. We've got to get back way. Got to get back to work for the American people. No, it zgray eight.

I mean, we've learned so much about this disease and young people. Baron, my son, baron. The doctor said sir baron tested positive. Like about 15 seconds later.

He said, sir, he's all cured. He just started. They're young. They have a very strong immune system. What can I tell you? I said, baron, I'm jealous.

As you've heard from his own mouth last night, joe biden will delay the vaccine, prolong the pandemic, close your schools and shut down our country. We're not doing that. We're having a record come back.

And that's despite the Democrat governors not wanting to open up new york. Michigan. You take a look at you know, michigan. We won a court case.

They said it was unconstitutional. She really ran a tight ship. The onley, one that was allowed to do whatever he wanted was her husband. Other than that, a very tight ship. But north carolina should be allowed to open up.

Pennsylvania should be allowed to open up. You have these governors. They've gone wild, by the way, on november 4th, they'll say everybody can open up. They're doing this to try and deflate the numbers.

But the numbers are so good, it won't matter. It's the matter, and you're going to see you're going to see a number on november 1st. Its gdp a big deal, and the atlanta fed just said they think they project 35%.

This is many times higher than any number in history. Like 8% maybe 9% 35% because we're coming back. And the reason we could do this is we set up such a strong foundation for the last three years. We're coming back and we're coming back stronger. And next year will be one of the best economic years we've. But biden would bury you in regulation, dismantle your police departments, dissolve our borders.

You don't have borders, you don't have a country, right? Confiscate your guns. Want to get rid of your second amendment. If I'm not here if I'm not here, you don't even have a second amendment. You wouldn't have it. Eliminate private health care.

180 million people have incredible private health care. They want to end it, terminate religious liberty. Destroyed the suburbs with regulations where they wanna put low income housing projects into the suburbs. I don't think so. That would be the end of the American dream. And they'll abolish fracking.

You saw joe. He said there will be no frack it. This is for a year.

There will be no fracking. No, no, no, no. Frack it. He said it like 15 times.

Then what happens? He gets lucky. And he wins. Because elizabeth warren, if she would have left two days early, crazy bernie would have run.

Right? But elizabeth warren pocahontas took a lot of votes away, right? She took a so nobody talks about this. But to me, it's very interesting.

If she were a true radical left, she should have gotten out before super tuesday. Bernie would have gotten more votes, didn't need many because she didn't get too many. She didn't do too good, but she got enough. They would have all come from him. He would have won every single state.

But I think we like it better this way. What do you do way have in the last four years ago, we got a lot of bernie voters. Birdie birdie is one guy. He doesn't mind losing. He is a guy that doesn't mind losing because four years ago, that took advantage of him.

And now this time was even worse. It's even worse. But biden also challenged me to find the tape of him desperately repeating and pledging to ban fracking and fossil fuel. So what happened? He said, I never said that. I never said it.

Never. And I said no. You did say it right? Everybody heard him say we're all during the primary. Then what did they have?

27 people, right? 27. How did we ever emerge? Here we are here we are together way. Remember, way had 17 but they had 27. They had a lot of people.

They had mike bloomberg. He stood up and he wanted to run. He didn't do too good. Pocahontas still came out pretty quickly.

One question one question that goes two billion down the drain. So, joe, I'm going to grant your request because he said, I did not say that I did. He said that many times. By the way, I don't want to bore you with playing too many of the times, but he said no. Then he gets in, he goes to pennsylvania and he learned somebody explains that that's a big fracking state.

It's a big, very big energy state, a million people. And he said, oh, yes, we will allow fracking. This is a man with great heart.

We will allow fracking. And then he said he never said what he said for the last year and a half. So let's take a look and see whether or not he said it and what he did once he got to pennsylvania. Go ahead, put it up. Now we have about 15 other ones, but we can't bore you. Hey, said no fracking.

Then he says, fracking. This is not what we need is a President For a lot of other reasons. So that's like the least of them. While I'm president, America will remain for the first time, energy independent. We're energy independent way will continue to be the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world, with number one bigger than Russia, bigger than saudi arabia by a lot by a lot by a lot.

Joe biden has made a corrupt bargain. In exchange for his party's nomination, he has handed control of his party over to socialists, communists, marxist left wing extremists. You see him all summer long running up and down the street in portland, which we could stop in about 15 minutes. All they have to do is call us on their filled with hatred. Veneman rage for our country.

If biden wins the flag, burning rioters on the streets will be running your federal government. They will decide which businesses can exist and which will be outlawed. That's what they want to do.

They will decide which rights you can keep and which will be revoked. They will re educate your children. They will cancel your culture.

Although we're making it very hard on them. You saw the withdrawals. I've been them all over the country.

They wanted to re educate or people they wanted to disrespect our people. It was racist. It was terrible what they were doing. They'll order you to stay at home while letting riders and m s 13 killers roam free. You saw that stay home.

Don't go to church. They don't want you to go to church. But if you wanna riot in the middle of a main street, you could do it. You wanna riot on fifth avenue? There's no problem.

Can't go to church, but you can riot. In fact, we usually call these friendly protests because you're not allowed to have political parties right now. In this case, you can, because we're in a place called florida and we have a great governor.

We have a great governor. Did he say a few words? Did he do a good job?

But we don't want to hear from him again, right? Uh huh. Now ron is doing a great job. Thank you.

The only one better is his first lady. There's no question of great couple that he's great. No, but they have in some states where the only thing you could do is protest. In other words, you can't do anything. But if you wanna protest, so we call in certain states is we call it a protest. It's a very friendly protest.

It's great people, but we call it a protest, and nobody's ever had crowds like we've had. If you want your children to grow up in a free nation where they can speak their minds, practice their religion and live by their values, then you must defeat sleepy joe biden and the radical left. You have todo reject left wing fascism and vote for American freedom. Vote for America first, because that's what we're all about.

America on. You know, when I when other countries coming to see me, I say, I'm sorry. It's America first, you know, they've been our allies. Forget about our enemies.

Are enemies obvious? But our allies have taken tremendous advantage of us on trade. On the military.

We protect them for nothing. Not anymore, by the way, you know, in NATO, I said, you gotta pay. We got $130 billion a year more from may. They didn't do it for 15 years.

It went down 100 and 30 billion going up to 410 billion. Nobody's ever seen anything like it. My biggest fan of the whole world is the Secretary General stoltenberg, Secretary General stoltenberg of NATO, he said, I've never seen anything like it. So they weren't paying.

They were delinquent. Too many of them. Seven. We're paying. The rest weren't and now they're paying and or most of them.

Or at least they're coming up rapidly. They were. They were delinquent to use an old word. If you're a moderate Democrat or liberal, who knows that your party has gone totally off the rails? You only have to do one thing join the Republican party, but more importantly, vote Republican.

Stay where you are on, you know, the numbers air coming an extremely strong. I want to talk too much about it because there's a lot of cameras back then. It's a lot of fake news back there, a lot of faith. But you know what happens. We have the great red wave, and that comes at the end when everybody goes out of out.

But let me just be very nice because I don't want to go too far with this because I'm watching all these people or the President May be used to doing. We're doing so much better than we were four years ago, and we did great. We'll take that. But we're doing thank you.

I feel the same way about you. Sounds like a nice guy. Sounds like a nice man, but the votes air coming in and we're way ahead of where we're supposed to be. In fact, in some of the states where more than even and we're not supposed to, we're supposed to be like 80 20 behind and we're even and in some cases were ahead and they're saying what's going on and they say, like in texas, a lot of people are showing up. This is great.

This could be the end of trump. Unfortunately, there are people. Okay?

They got the sash, they got the hot, they got the whole deal. Now I think we're gonna do very well. You know, remember that we had the same thing last time. This time it's even greater.

But we had the fake polls and we have some real polls were up to in michigan. That's pretty good, considering it was decades before somebody won michigan. We won it last time. Remember that donald trump has won the great state of michigan.

Their heads exploded. One michigan, they did. They just say he won michigan. That hasn't been done in many, many decades. But we're doing great.

We're doing much better than we did last time. In fact, we're leading everywhere. I think we're leading everywhere. I'll tell you what. North carolina doing great. We think in pennsylvania doing great.

They've got to be very careful of philadelphia. They play games in philadelphia and they won't let us watch the count in philadelphia. Remember, we had a certain Republican running a number of years ago got almost no votes in philadelphia. Doesn't work that way. So we're watching philadelphia.

Mark meadows. We will please watch philadelphia mark meadows, because I don't like what I'm hearing about philadelphia. I love philadelphia. Went to school in philadelphia.

I love it, but you know what? I don't like what I see going on in terms of what's going on over the past and probably what's going on. Think of it.

They fought like hell that we can't watch them count about. What's wrong with watching. Why can't we have poll watchers? And so we're in court right now. Poll watchers in philadelphia. But we're doing great in pennsylvania.

Gotta watch philadelphia. We're doing great all over the place. We're doing really good in iowa. People don't know it, but we're doing great.

How could I a would not go with us when I've given farmers $28 billion. Thank you, China. Very much okay from China and ethanol and everything else. Now we're doing great and I were doing great. I mean, we're doing great, but we're really doing tremendous in florida's. I just wanna let you know that alabama, by the way, your neighbor in alabama world oh, alabama.

Wait, how many people here from alabama? Whoa. How many people here from florida? Alabama has been great. I'm up so much of alabama, right? Have you have a great candidate?

The coach in our coach and other great coaches won three national championships. Urban meyer is talking to him. We're talking about your coach slash Senate candidate, which hopefully will be soon. And urban said, not only is a great guy, he's a great coach.

He's a great coach and he's gonna be a fantastic senator. So that's good. So say hello to, um, alabama.

I'm glad I knew about this whole deal in terms of your location. Can you imagine? If I didn't call out alabama for being a great state? Could you imagine I'd be in big trouble?

I'd be in big trouble. Now we're way up in alabama. Alabama has been good for day one. I'm voting early tomorrow in florida, and I urge everyone of you to do the same. Go and vote.

I'm here to vote. We just left the villages. Did you ever hear the villages? Now those air trump fans, they get in those golf carts and they will take on anyone. Nobody messing with him. Thank you.

The first thing. Crazy nancy pelosi and crying structure. If you ever see shurmur every time he wants to put on see christ way, call him crying, chuck. But I've known him all. My known him so long.

I gave him one of his first contributions. Maybe it's first. Can you believe long time ago? I've known him for a long time. I never saw him cry. He only cries in front of a large crowd.

Amazing thing. But the first thing that biden and crazy nancy and crying chuck first thing they do, they'll one a pack the supreme court of the United States with radical left judges who will eliminate your second amendment. Now, by the way, if you're pro life, they will wipe that out so fast they'll wipe out every one of your rights. They're gonna pack it, they're gonna pack your court. They're going to get rid of the filibuster. They're going to do things like you wouldn't believe they're gonna add d.

C. So they pick up another couple of senators, right? They'll pay and d.

C. And a Congressman Or two no, we can't let it happen. We can't let it happen. You know, one of the reasons they say I got elected was because I put out a list of 25 great conservative judges and a lot of people. They said 22% of the people voted for me. I never believed that.

But the fact is, I guess it must be so. But joe doesn't. He won't even say whether or not he's going to pack the court. You know why? Because he has no idea other people are telling him. Joe, you're gonna pack the court, okay?

Yes, sir. And, joe, he doesn't know. You know, you could have 16 18 1920 21 judges. It's crazy.

He's got to give us a list because nobody ever says this. They say you got to say about package. You can't vote for him if he's gonna pack the court and you can't vote for him unless he gives a list where he swears that he is going to take people on lee from that list. And it has to be a sane list, not a radical left crazy list. And he's not even people aren't even talking to him about that.

He has no idea who's gonna put her. How about if you had a supreme court with radical left judges, we would have an entirely different countries. So he's got to give us a list, and he's got to talk about it. You know, they didn't want to talk about it last night at the debate. They should have mentioned. How did I do last night by the way up?

All right. Yeah. Yeah.

You know, when you love your country, it's sort of easy to do. Somebody said that, you know, we had a tremendous number of people watching super bowl type numbers, I guess. Right?

Bigger because there are people, like aren't happy with the nfl right now. You know that, right? You know, they're not happy, but hopefully that will will be starting to respect our flag and respect our country.

That's starting to happen. Look, look at basketball. The finals were down 71%. You know why? Because people want respect for our nation for our flag. The radical biden harris agenda is projected to slash the typical American income by $6500 over a very short period of time.

That's a middle class nightmare. For the last 47 years, joe biden has been outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. We're bringing it back 19 years. We're bringing them all back. They're coming back way. Keep the oil, keeping some oil.

Where we keep the we're leaving a few in 2016. Florida voted to fire this depraved political establishment, and you elected an outsider as President Who is finally putting America first, making America great again on you've seen over the last two weeks. Joe biden is a corrupt politician and he's compromised, fully compromised. China is desperate for biden to win, because if biden wins, China wins. And if China wins, China will own America. They will own you and they're not playing.

They don't want me to win. Did you see where Russia and Iran are going to? Here we go. Russia, Russia, Russia. Again.

How about this? Adam schiff, shifty shift. A perfect watermelon head. It looks just like a watermelon because I believe that the laptop was conceived and dedicated by Russia. Everyone say Russia again.

No Russia again. Now that's not Russia. Dni. They came out, they said, not Russia.

But you know what it is. It's I call it the laptop from hell, right? There's more stuff in that laptop and they say that you haven't seen anything yet. This corruption is exactly why I decided to run for President In the first place. One of the reasons.

One of the reasons. For years I watched one betrayal after another as politicians like joe biden sold out American workers at every turn, shattering the lives of millions of American families while their families raked in. They just raked in millions of dollars. Biden goes to China. The sun comes in, takes a billion and a half dollars to manage. He goes to ukraine, right?

He gets $183 a month to sit on the board. Well, he must have vast energy knowledge. No, he doesn't know anything about energy. This young person right in the front row knows more about energy than he does. And then biden says, we're not giving you a billion dollars.

We're not giving you the billion dollars unless you get rid of the prosecutor that's investigating this company that my son's own. Unless you get rid of this prosecutor, that's looking into my son. And they said, what do you mean? We're not giving you the billion from the United States and they get rid of the prosecutor? He goes, whoa, let them have the money and that's okay.

That's not okay. That's not okay. And there are many other instances. This is corrupt and corruption, like nobody's ever seen. Yeah, so I couldn't sit by and watch that I couldn't sit by and watch these horrible trade deals that are ripping off America all the time. I couldn't sit back and watch China year after year after year, hundreds of billions of dollars they made.

And we have a much different attitude towards China in a much different they are coming after me. A lot of people in washington, by the way, nobody's ever gone through what I've gone through. You know, presidents ever there's no president. Anybody else would have gone to a corner, sat down in the corner of a room, put their thumb in their mouth and say, mommy, mommy, take home. Please take.

Nobody's ever gone through a fake impeachment based on a perfect phone call. The phone call was perfect based on a phony statement made by some people. Did you ever see shifty shift get up in front of Congress and imitate my call? Except it had nothing to do with my call. But by that time they were already that ship in sales. But it was great.

We went up. People appreciate what we go through. And people now see the corruption in washington, the corruption in the media because the media is just a corrupt as anybody. Anybody on earth, I would say that big tech is not distinguishing itself.

I mean, they're not exactly doing so great and making themselves look legit. How about big tech? They don't want to put something on. They don't put it on.

But you know what? Can I tell you what? People are wise to it.

They're wise to it. They see what's happening. So they're coming after me because I'm standing up for you. I'm standing up for this country. I'm standing up for the United States of America, and that's the way it is. E.

On. If I don't sound like a typical washington politician. It's because I'm not a politician. That's what you want.

And if I don't always play by the rules of washington and the washington establishment, and by the way, if I did, we would have lost a long time ago. It's because I was elected to fight for you. And I fought harder than any President In the history of his country.

Joe biden spent his entire time in the Senate long, long days, hours nights, working to cut your social security. You don't know about that and to cut your medicare. People don't know about that. He denies that.

He denied it last night. He denied it last night. So today I want to show you a second clip.

You know I'm in the clips. Yeah. So when I said last night, he tried to cut social security. He said he did.

Just like he said. He never talked about fracking. Look at that.

There, it ihs cera. Thank you, bernie. I appreciate it, bernie.

Thank you very much. Bernie sanders. Everybody, a great bernie sanders as president. I will always protect your medicare, and I will always protect your social security. Okay, one of the issues most important to me is taking care of our great amazing veterans that we have a lot of them here tonight, right under biden and obama, our veterans were neglected, mistreated, abused and left on the secret wastelands. That's what they were.

It was just a wasteland. They were on waiting lists forever. Nothing got done.

They'd have to wait for doctors for two weeks, four weeks. The va's office of inspector General Found that over 300,000 veterans died under the last administration waiting for care. When I came into office, I signed the via accountability act, more than 11,500 va workers who were not giving our veterans the kind of care and respect that they deserved. We said, get out, you're fired.

No, you couldn't fire anybody. They could be say this. They could be thieves. You couldn't.

You couldn't fire anybody. We got it passed. It's called va accountability. It was a big deal.

For 42 years, they tried to get it done. We got it done then, to help veterans get the care they need when they need it. We approved veterans choice and we made it permanent. And now 91% approval rating in the v s never happened before. On for our veterans, the days of the deadly weightless that you had under joe biden are over. So thank you to the veterans.

Great people, thank you very much. Way also secured record funding for the va, including $9.6 billion for mental health services in 2020 every va medical facility now offers same day emergency mental health care. We have dramatically expanded telehealth for our nation's veterans, which is a big, great thing. And we even set up a white House va hotline, which I promise is a candidate has fielded more than right now 460 0 calls. They actually call into the white House, successfully resolving 96% of veterans concerns and problems.

We've also taken strong action to protect our veterans during the global pandemic. When the China virus arrived, we launched the largest mobilization since world war two are early and aggressive. Action saved more than two million lives.

Remember this? Biden kept saying, oh, we should have acted quicker except when I closed it down in the band to China. That was in january 2 months later, he was saying, I shouldn't have down there. It's just nonsense. And by the way, when he did his h one n one, he calls it the opposite, right?

The swine flu. It was one of the great, far less lethal, by the way. But it was one of the great catastrophes. Nobody knew what the hell they were doing. They had no clue.

We pioneered incredible therapies on reduced the fatality rate. 85%. Think of that.

And here I am. Here I am. I'm here. We saved tens of millions of jobs, bypassing the largest financial rescue package in history.

Totalling over $3 trillion. We saved so much and a lot went to this great state. We're fighting to get stimulus checks for American workers.

Nancy pelosi wants to give stimulus checks to illegal aliens. We don't want that and two large bailout states. He wants to bail out states that are not doing well, unlike florida and unlike alabama, states that are not doing well. I'm working to make the antibody treatment I received available to anybody that needs it free free because it wasn't your fault. We'll have 100 million vaccine doses before the end of the year and maybe substantially before, and that will help what's going away anyway. We're rounding that curve.

We're rounding that corner, but the vaccine will help it. It'll speed it up. Joe biden's plan will crush America. My plan will crush the virus. We're going to get back to normal. We just wanna be where we were.

Seven months ago, we will eradicate this pandemic and defeat the scores from China once and for all. So we're joined today by incredible people. Rhonda santa's you said hello to and casey, you said hello to. But I just wanna tell you, you have a great governor, and you have a great, great first lady.

Thank you very much. Hey, is a great governor, I'll tell you that. And casey is fantastic. So we have a warrior that is a good guy. But he loves to fight. And he loves his state.

And he loves fighting for florida. And he loves fighting for our country. And his name is representative matt gates. Where eyes a lot of good guy he is. Thank you. They like you, man on Congressman Neil.

Done a really warrior. Thank you very much. Thank you, congressman. Looking good.

You're looking good. Thank you. Your state's chief financial officer, jimmy petronas. Jimmy. Thank you, jimmy.

How the finances doing? Okay? I think so. Pretty good in florida every time the governor comes, I'll tell you if something happens if it rains like little rain. Sir, could I see you?

I say talk over the phone. No, no, I have to come. It's the panhandle lord someplace. Sir, could we have 250 million y it rained.

Now, when there's a hurricane, then they're talking about the big stuff, right? The billions. But I've come through every single time for this state, right? Every single time. Read jimmy and candidate for alabama's first congressional seat.

Jerry! Carl, where's jerry? You look good, jerry. Good. How's it going? Good.

All right, well, you have my total endorsement, you know that. So go get him. Go get him tonight.

I also want to express my love and support for all the families here on the panhandle who were affected by hurricane sally and other recent storms. You've been hit a lot, but were there. Whenever you get hit, I'm right behind that storm right behind it. Then we take care of wait. Last month I approved a major disaster declaration for the state of florida.

And together we will rebuild the panhandle stronger than ever before. We're doing it right now. Stronger and better rebuilt stronger. We do plenty of others, but I won't tell you about everything because we don't have enough time. I could be here all night about what we're doing for florida and for alabama for decades. Or politicians spend trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations, fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders.

But now we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities. And we are bringing our jobs, our factories on our troops back home to the yusa. Enough already enough. Coming back. A lot of them coming back.

They're coming back, our trips coming back fast. We have not only achieved energy independence, we've done it while protecting our pristine environment. The environment is very important, I said last night.

We want the cleanest water. We want the cleanest air. We want things, you know. Carbon emissions are now at a 35 year low, and we're not in the paris accord. We don't feel like spending trillions of dollars and destroying our business.

How is it doing for paris? Not so well. I recently signed an order placing a moratorium on offshore drilling right off the coast of florida. Your governor asked for your two senators. Tell you what.

Rick scott marco, where's market was here someplace. And rick scott. They asked for it. They all wanted it, and we got it.

Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in u. S. History. And we're finishing the wall with nearly 400 miles already built. And this is the wall they wanted.

This is the wall the border patrol want. And we now have just about the safest southern border we've ever had. But we'll be finished very soon with the wall.

And by the way, mexico is paying for the wall. Just so you understand, you know, they like to say and I made one mistake. I should have said we will never, ever build a wall.

Then the Democrat would have said no, no, we want a wall. But but we got it done. We got it done. That was not easy. That was a tough one.

We had that party. Look, we built the military. We did money coming in for military. Everything but the wall. They didn't want to give us 10 cents. And it's one of the biggest projects that we've ever built in this country.

And it is exactly what border patrol wanted. I said, how about concrete slab? No, sir.

We have to be able to see through it. How about concrete. Something else? It's much cheaper. No, sir, we need steel, concrete and rebar, I said. Oh, that's great, thank you very much, because in every spike we have concrete and we have very powerful rebar.

But we got that. It's gonna be done very soon, and it has given us and especially during the pandemic, what we really needed. It's given us the safest border we've had in many, many, many decades on. People can come into our country and we want them to come into our country.

But we want them to come in legally, and we want them to come in through merit. We want people that can help our last night, joe biden vowed that his immigration policy will be catch and release. He thinks it's great.

You catch a criminal murderer rapist, you catch the criminal and you released a criminal into our country. And you say in four years you have to be back for a court case, right? But they never came back. We had a na argument.

I turned out to be right, he said, and then they come back. I don't know what he was thinking. I don't think he I don't think you had a clue, he said.

And then they come back and they go to trial. Isn't it wonderful? No, congressman. Not too wonderful, right?

Catch and release. Not easy. I ended it because what happened is nobody ever came back. I said last night. Only people with an extremely low eq came back.

I didn't come back. Why would they come back? They're free in our country. So we ended that, and we ended plenty of other things like that.

In other words, he wants totally open borders, as the Democrat do. And if you have open borders, if you don't have a border, you don't have a country. You no longer have a country. It's the most radical immigration proposal in American history, perhaps anywhere in the world, other countries and borders. We fight for other countries to help them with their border, and then we don't protect our own border. No, it's not working that way.

It doesn't work that way anymore. Number one, we're letting other countries fight for their own borders, which is also good. If joe and kamala, our elected, it will trigger a tsunami of illegal immigration, the likes of which you've never seen. Million's will come from scores of countries all over the world to take advantage of us know community in the United States will be spared to serve his donors by the last night.

Pledge mass amnesty within the 1st 100 days. He wants to give mass amnesty tens of millions of people he wants to give priority to illegal aliens. My priority is to American workers and to America's great citizens. The American people will decide this election.

It's the most important election we've ever had in this country. And, you know, because of what happened four years ago, I used to beat orange. I said, well, that was so big. It was so important. This is a more important election tomorrow and remember again, because I never say it. I don't say it enough.

Supreme court, supreme court and judges. We will have approved over 300 judges by the end of my first time a record federal, including court of appeal judge and three supreme court justices, and we'll have hopefully on monday. Amy coney barrett, amy coney. Hey, she's popular.

People love her. She did fantastically. They were trying to dio hit her. How bad did camilla look going against him?

Right. And by the way, bobby bowden. You saw that?

How good he beat. He beat the plague. He said I did it because I want to vote for trump is 91. What a great coach.

Thank you, bobby. I'm in your territory, bobby. I want to say thank you very much. You know bobby bowden?

So he and he was really a hell of a coach. You want a lot of he was, like, 340 games. He won two national championships, but, you know, I didn't really know, but he said no. He had and he was very ill and he beat it. And he said the thing that makes me happiest because I wanna vote on november 3rd for President Trump.

How about that bobby back? Thank you, bob. Tough guy, great guy.

Great coach. We invested $2.5 trillion in the u. S. Military, including $1.5 billion in tyndall air force base right after hurricane michael. That was a big deal. That was a deal with your governor.

Kay. And your governor wanted me. Please, because you know what I was gonna do a had a great idea because it's a very big and it's right on the water and I said, you know, being developed I said, you know this land for an airplane the way we make them today they go so quick you could be over this area like in about two minutes.

What we'll do is we'll sell this to the developers for billions, right? Right on the water, right on the ocean, right? We'll sell it for billions of dollars.

You don't need this good location because it was wiped out and we'll build inward a little bit. We'll buy some land for two cents, and we'll build a new, beautiful airport because it was really wiped out by michael. I think it was by michael right?

And your governor didn't like that idea. He wasn't thrilled. I said, there's a great thing we could make a fortune.

No, I don't like it. So I said, alright, the heck with it. I then visited a General And a colonel. We had all sorts of people and they all wanted to be there, so we rebuilt it and now it's thriving again, right? Is thriving again.

Yeah. Lyndal. We killed the leader of ISIS. Al baghdadi had been looking for a way.

Took out the mass murder of American troops and many other people. Soleimani is dead. That guy bad, bad guy. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. Right. They paid $150 billion for nothing.

They then gave 1.8 billion in cash. Cash? 1.8 billion ever see what that looks like? I recognized the true capital of israel and opened the American embassy interest on. Instead of never ending wars, we are forging peace in the Middle East.

Did you see what happened today? Right. Did you see sudan? Another country that just came into the deal? Peace. You know, this is peace in the Middle East without blood.

All over the sales, it turns out on the candidate a piece. Do you believe it? Everybody said trump will be a war. Remember?

We're gonna go into war with North Korea. Whatever happened, we get along, I get along, I get along with him. He's a little different. And that's okay. I guess I am too.

But President Obama said the biggest single problem the country has. This is when I first took office sitting down the two chairs, yellow chair sitting down. The biggest problem said, what's the biggest problem is in North Korea and he felt we're gonna go to war in North Korea. In the meantime, where's the war, right, where's the war and it z sort of all gonna work out, you know, I said, did you ever call him? No.

But actually they did. They wanted to meet and they couldn't get a meeting. And we've met, as you know, and we just look, I don't say what's going to ultimately happened, but that was 3.5 years ago, and I have a feeling that's gonna work out just fine. Biden is a candidate of endless war indeed. Lis death.

I did maurin 47 months than sleepy joe biden did in 47 years. Vote for Republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and a limitless future for all americans. A vote for Republican is a vote for the American dream, not the American nightmare. You know all those people look at all of that speech, something I'd love to be able to make a speech where there are no cameras. I could just speak and just relax.

Take it nice and easy. Have a lot of fun because if they ever catch you make it even the slightest mistake. It's headlines, headlines all over the world. You know, I said one thing the other day. I said, suburban women please love me.

Please, I because you see suburban women I have saved to suburbia. I've gotten rid of the worst regulation. Thank you. Breath in. Thanks. No, but I said and I said kiddingly and sarcastically how suburban women please let me look.

I've gotten rid of the worst regulation. It's a terrible thing what they wanna do to suburbia. You're gonna have crime.

You're gonna have low income housing right next to your beautiful House. It's not good. And they said to me in a question from a fake news organization, why are you begging suburban women toe? Love you, I said.

I said, I'm really not, you know, these are bad people, okay, is a bad people. But suburban women should love me. I'm the greatest thing that ever happened to them because I'm saving suburbia and you know these radical crazy anarchists. You know, the next thing they hit, they said that they'd like to hit suburbia with me. They're not hitting suburbia.

They won't even get close to your House. They won't get close to your community. But with sleepy joe, suburbia will be next.

You know who he wants to put in charge overlooking this whole thing? Cory booker. Cory booker will be in charge of your regulation.

So, suburban women, I think you have to love me. But I love you. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. Its already start. We will hire more police increased penalties for assaults on law enforcement.

Do we love our police? Yes, I have the endorsement of almost every police organization in the country, including new york's finest, and they've never done it before. They've never done it before. I have chicago police, florida sheriff's. Those florida sheriff's there, a lot of them. There are a lot of them here tonight.

Those florida sheriff's air tough. They know what they're doing. Texas, oklahoma, everybody remember the other debate I said, which debate did you like more?

I thought they were both good. Which did you like for the first one second? Well, there's two ways of doing it the tough way of the nicer way.

Last night, two ways ability. But I said to him, I said, let me ask you give me one name of one law enforcement group that endorsed we couldn't do it right then I said, say the words law and order, joe, just say the words. I won't do that. Say the words long or he wouldn't do it right. You wouldn't do it.

So that's what you want is your president. You're not gonna have a country for long. Okay, remember that we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, the right to life and the right to keep and bear arms.

Way will always stand with the people of cuba, nicaragua, venezuela and their righteous struggle for freedom way will stand with the people of columbia. We're working very closely with them in their fight against the narco terrorists. We will strike down terrorists to threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of endless foreign worlds. And when I said we rebuilt our military $2.5 trillion or made in the usa, we have the greatest equipment in the history of any military. We are the pride of the world. In a sense, we are.

If you look at Russia, if you look at China, everybody's envious. We have the best rockets and missiles are nuclear, is now fixed and ready and hope to God. You never have to use it. And the only way you will never have to use it is when you have it. And it's in great shape. Great shape.

Hope to God. We never have to use it. We have the super duper missiles. I call them right.

The super duper zago. Seven times as fast as the ones we had there now called old fashioned, right? We have equipment that nobody's ever had before.

No, no country has ever had what we have. We have the f 35. We have brand new, which is super stealth, right? I asked the pilots.

Why do they like this? Played well, sir. The enemy can't see it. I said that sounds good to me. What do I know?

But we have new tankers. We have new everything we have, the greatest new military we've ever had. And you know what? Let's stay out of the wars, but we'll build it up stronger and better, and we will have peace through strength.

Yeah, I think so. Now we have a missile, though. It's hydro sonic, it's called. We have a missile so fast you can't see it.

You can't shoot it. You can't do anything with it. And frankly, uh, another group stole our plans during the obama administration. They also have one. But ours is even faster. Ours is even more powerful, and we have things that nobody can even come plus two.

So we are the envy of the world in that way and again, we're never gonna use it, because when you have it, you don't have to use it when you don't have it. That's when you need it, and that's never going to be our position. It's never gonna be our position. We will never let that happen in our time. You know, when I first came in, a General Said to me, highly overrated. General have to be honest with you, highly over he said.

Sir, we don't have ammunition. I said no President Should ever hear that again. And you know what?

No President Should ever go through what this President Went through in this guy. Yeah, they spied in our campaign and they got caught. It was treason at the highest level. Let's see what happens. But they spied in our campaign and they got caught.

No President Should ever have to go through that again. We will end surprise medical building. Require price transparency already done further reduce the cost of prescription drugs. It's favorite nations down 80%. 70%. I'll tell you, big farmers not happy with me and we will always protect patients with pre existing conditions.

Way will land the first woman in the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land on astronaut on morris. And nasa is now the preeminent space center in the world by far. And when I took over four years ago, it was a mess. It was a mess. A lot of things were the ISIS caliphate was all over the place. We've destroyed 100% of the ISIS caliphate way will stop the radical indoctrination of our students on restore patriotic education to our school way will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag way will live by the timeless words of our national motto.

In God we trust. For years you had a President Who apologized to America. What happened? Look, you would have this was like the apology to her. Remember when he went to all these countries and he would apologize for us for America?

We don't need anybody apologizing for us. But you had a you had a President Who apologized for America. Now you have a President Who is standing up for America and standing up for the great state of florida. I I have gone into battle for you each day over the last four years hasn't been pleasant. In all cases, people say, how the hell do you do it?

I do it because I love this country. And because we're making changes like nobody has any idea on election day to continue our movement, I am going to rely on you. Get out and vote.

We cannot take a chance. Get out and vote vote early bring your friends, your family, your neighbors, your coworkers, even grab your boss and say, come on, boss, you're coming to vote. You gotta vote most important election we've ever had. I really believe because you have a radical left group can, uh, do very bad things.

You look at venezuela, you look at other countries. This is just a massively large version of that. If you have the wrong people in together, we're going to make history once again.

That was history. Remember that four years ago. Look at you. I'll bet you do.

What an evening. That waas, right? Donald trump has won the state of florida. Remember, donald trump has won the state of alabama on right up the coast. Georgia.

We won. And we won. North carolina, south carolina, pennsylvania right up the coast. We went. And then we won. Michigan, louisiana your way.

One louisiana by a lot. Right? They love louisiana. I love louisiana to talking about helping them with hurricanes, right? I hope of a lot.

From tampa to tallahassee, from jacksonville to fort lauderdale and from orlando to right here in pensacola way. Stand on the shoulders of red blooded American patriots who poured out their hearts, sweat and soul to secure our liberty and defend our freedom. So important we inherit the legacy of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settle the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, dug out the panama canal, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism. And from here in this beautiful, gorgeous state that I love so much landed our brave American astronauts on the face of the moon. Way made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world.

And the best is yet to come. It's coming, but not if you allow somebody to raise your taxes because they're going to raise your taxes. And that's gonna be proud. Citizens like you helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion in your drive. We are going to keep on working.

We're going to keep on fighting, and we're going to keep on winning. Winning, winning way are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God and together with the incredible people of florida. We have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again. Stock market we have made America strong again. Our military we have made America proud again way have made America safe again on we will make America great again.

Thank you, florida. Thank you, alabama.