ID: CSPANDT1410202080
Title: President Trump Delivers Remarks to the New York Economic Club
Date: 2020-10-14

host: less than three weeks until election day. More coverage planned today. The headline in the washington post, biden and trump step up their fight for older voters, biden made his most direct appeal yet to older voters to lock in support from a group that favored donald trump four years ago but has emerged as one of the significant groups to shift, later in the piece they write the trump made a pitch to seniors at his own rally on monday, his first return to the campaign trail after his recent hospitalization and film the recent video aimed directly at older americans with 3 weeks left before the election it early voting starting in many states, fierce battle underway for seniors who turn up in high numbers and call the potential to swing a close election was biden and trump, competing for support from americans of their own generation at a moment a pandemic that disproportionately kills older people has upended daily life for voting across the country, trump, 74, was the oldest President At his swearing-in and biden, 77, would claim that title if he wins in november. Donald trump tweeting yesterday this mocking sign of joe biden's campaign, not biden for President But biden for resident, purportedly of a nursing home, that was not a retweet, that is from the president's accounts was more on the campaign for the washington times, trump takes no chances.

We will be leaving this program at this point. You can see it in its entirety on c-span.org. We go live to donald trump speaking about the economy epic an economic club of new york. Honored to preside at today's event. The economic club of new york, for the first time the economic club of chicago, washington, pittsburgh, florida, oregon hosting today's special event. Many of you know the leadership descended an indication for major nominees to present their economic agendas, Vice president Biden's campaign has not confirmed, we remain hopeful, the schedule will permit him to join us before the election.

Stay tuned for further announcements. We would like to extend a special welcome to the diplomatic corps and the 2020 class of economic club fellows and students joining us from the club in florida business schools. It is an honor and privilege for me to introduce the 40 fifth President Of the United States, donald j trump, a graduate of the university of pennsylvania wharton school of finance, followed in his father's footsteps in the real estate development, making his mark in new york on the way to develop a worldwide brand.

He won the presidency in 2016, his first ever run for political office. In the last four years his economic agenda included personal income and corporate tax cuts, reduction of regulatory, replacing nafta with the United States mexico canada agreement and negotiating comprehensive trade reform, notably China. Prior to the covid-19 pandemic, the economy grew steadily, the employment rate is the lowest in 50 years and inflation was under control. The stock market achieved record highs and energy independence.

I would like to invite the President To present his economic agenda following his address, we will take questions from two club chairs. The conversation is on the record, we have media coverage following this event. The microphone is yours.

That was very beautiful. We have done those things and we have done more. We are right outside the oval office in the rose garden, very special place. It is an honor to address the economic club of new york and economic clubs of chicago, washington dc, so many people who are proud members and great people in this kind of year. Doing it really quite nice way to do it.

The choice facing America is simple, a choice between historic prosperity on pro-American policies, deep depression under the radical left. I will deliver optimism, opportunity and growth, deliver pessimism, stagnation and high taxes, a choice between a socialist nightmare in the American dream. And we have a safe and effective vaccine at the end of the year , end a pandemic, bring back vertical supply chain to lift our economy to unprecedented new heights. Of the left gains power they will sit down the economy, close our schools, delay the vaccine, prolong the pandemic and impose the most extreme policies in the history of our country.

Let's review the record. When I joined you in person last year our nation was enjoying the greatest economy in history. There was nothing like it. This was a stark contrast to the prior administration which deliver the weakest recovery since the great depression. It was weekend it was sad. My first three years real income for typical family increased $6,000, more than five times the gains of the previous administration, five times the gain.

Black americans grew nine times more under my leadership of van during the eight years before I took office. Their policies punish American workers, my policies promote American workers. At the end of the last administration the congressional budget office projected fewer than 2 million jobs would be created in three years. We did a little better than that. We created 7 million, close to 8 million jobs by the time the final numbers came in but we lifted 6.6 million people out of poverty achieving the largest poverty reduction in modern us history.

Poverty rates for african-americans and hispanic americans reached record lows. Inequality declined dramatically. Complete reversal of the obama years. My policies have benefited those who need it the most, the bottom 50% of households are astonishing 40% increase of net worth. Wages rose the fastest for blue-collar workers, african-American, hispanic American, asian-American, unemployment, lowest levels ever recorded.

The last administration sold out American workers like never before and they sold them to donor special interests and globalists and if you take a look we have probably plenty of them watching right now. Didn't work out well with me. We succeeded by reversing those cruel and heartless be trails. Instead of rewarding companies are outsourcing jobs I implemented massive tax cuts and regulation cuts to keep jobs opportunity and wealth in America, the tax cuts and regulation cuts were the biggest ever recorded in the history of our country. Instead of waging war on the American energy we unleashed American energy to make the United States a number one producer of oil and natural gas, written by lobbyists and special interests, some of you, negotiated pro-American trade deals based on the principles of fairness and reciprocity.

Very important. I ended the nafta nightmare and signed the brand-new us-mexico canada agreement into law. The toughest ever action against China's great abuses that we know so well. I immediately canceled the last administration's job killing transpacific partnership and renegotiated the South Korea deal which was a disaster. China - will hold them accountable.

If I don't get elected in a little while, 20 days, China will own the United States. I can tell you that. The China virus arrived, since world war ii to defeat the virus, breaking through every obstacle cutting every piece of red tape, the fda has been fantastic, it would have taken two years. I'm not interested in making friends in the corrupt media and it is corrupt. My soul focus is protecting American lives and making lives good for American people.

We will beat this virus and we will eradicate this pestilence and all of the things that happen to our country, our lives and our planet, aggressive and early action saved up to 2 million lives. If you look at the original numbers it was projected at 2.2 million lives. We are at 210,000, one is too many, it should never have happened, should never have been allowed to happen. We pioneered in record time, we reduce the fatality rate 85% since april. The number has gone even better. I'm working to get emergency approval for the powerful antibody treatment I received that has shown extraordinary promise as you know.

A week ago I wasn't feeling so hot and I had a drug, regeneron that made me feel, call it therapeutic. It was very good. Who knows maybe it would have happened anyway, maybe I would have recovered beautifully anyway. All I know is once I had region on it worked out very well. Under operation warp speed we are on track to deliver 100 million doses of vaccine with hundreds of millions more to quickly follow. Our military will be delivering it, the best people on earth in our military.

We will deliver the drug, deliver the vaccine rapidly. The media's constant efforts to stoke panic and hysteria to change an election is what they want to do, undermine public health experts and put innocent lives in danger. They will not have success in changing the election, they tried that four years ago. That didn't work out too well. Americans should be trusted with the facts, the data and the truth.

For the young and healthy the risk is exceedingly low. 99.98% of those under the age of 50 survived. The average age of those who succumbed to the virus is 78 and usually a person who is 78 but has bad heart, diabetes, other problems. That is why we are focused on protecting elderly and higher risk americans. Our groundbreaking therapy significantly improve things for elderly patients but I will not rest and I will not remind until all-American seniors are safe. That is my sacred obligation.

I love our seniors. I love our country. At the same time we must allow lower risk americans to resume normal activity. The unscientific lockdown pushed by left-wing politicians are needlessly destroying millions of lives, they decimate livelihood, and heart disease, delayed medical treatments and life expectancy.

The cure could not be worse than the problem itself and that is what a lot of states run by Democrat have done to their people and it is turning out very bad for them. These lives must be protected as well. I have acted swiftly to rescue the us economy with an unprecedented $2.5 trillion in aid. We delivered $160 million in relief payments for hard-working americans through paycheck protection program that all of you are familiar with. My administration approved $650 billion in forgivable loans, 5.2 million small businesses, it has been a savior. This action has saved our supported and supported 50 million jobs and we think that number will be when it is finally put down in actual fact, even more than that.

We increase unemployment benefits by $600. When Democrat failed to extend this assistance, I provided $400 a month in continued relief. I froze student loan payments, stopped even actions, suspended payroll taxes and delivered $500 million to save major us employers including airlines. As a result of these decisive actions the us has been the smallest economic contraction it has seen.

Think of that. With all the we have done and all the countries out there some great and not so great we have seen the smallest economic contraction and the fastest recovery of any major western country. People I taking note of that and it is not even close.

We created a record 11.4 million American jobs since may. That is another record. Under the previous administration, it took 30 months to recover half the jobs lost, we surpassed that milestone in fewer than five month.

A few months ago most experts were projecting unemployment well over 10% through the end of 2020. We have cut unemployment below 8%, something it took the last administration three years to do. Jobs have been recovering 23 times faster than the obama recovery.

23 times faster and I know these numbers must be true because they were given to me by the great larry kudlow who is sitting on my left. Consumer spending is almost 10% higher today than before the pandemic and automobile production has recovered 100%. Home sales are at their highest since december, 2006, homebuilder sentiment is the highest in recorded history. The highest homebuilder sentiment in recorded history and when a pandemic and we are rounding the final turn, if the left gains power the recovery will be terminated, the economy will be destroyed. They told us their exact plans.

Left-wing politicians have pledged to the $4 trillion tax hike which will destroy our country and this will raise taxes on 80% of our taxpayers, cut the child tax credit in half which is $1,000 per child and punish working families. The highest business tax rate in the developed world would be created, sending millions and millions of jobs out of America into China, they would be thrilled, it is not him who wants to do it. It is at a higher level.

Reentering the paris climate accord, eliminating fossil fuels, shutting down fracking all over the country, they want to shut down fracking, we are energy independent as they want to close up shut down fracking and then acting the ridiculous green new deal which will cost $100 trillion which is more money than this country can make an hundred years if everything went perfectly. Democrat lawmakers sponsored legislation that would outlaw the private health insurance plans for 180 million americans, private plans people love, they negotiated and fought for and great companies, 180 million people, you know what happens to them, it is over, they take it away. The Democrat platform would suspend all immigration enforcement, gain mass amnesty to illegal aliens, the country can't afford it and as soon as you announce that millions and millions of people despite the wall which is almost finished and by the way paid for by mexico despite all of these things we have done millions of people would flood into the country, this would a rate medicare and demolish your social security. Democrat in washington are also pushing a plan to abolish the suburbs by eliminating single-family zoning and linking federal highway grants to a federal takeover of local zoning.

Your suburb will be gone. The American dream will be gone. This plan will devastate the property values of millions of middle-class homeowners including the majority of african-American, hispanic American and asian American households who live in the suburbs. The policies of the left would unleash a long-lasting economic catastrophe of unimaginable proportions. I know I'm speaking to some Democrat and some of you are friends of mine, you will see things happen.

And don't understand how you can be back in such policies but I can only assume it is have it. They will destroy this country. Our country will go into a depression the likes of which we've not seen since 1929 and maybe worse. Keep backing them but you know it is wrong and I truly believe it is only have it, that is the only reason you can be doing it. Under my continued leadership we will continue our v-shaped recovery and launch a record smashing economic boom.

We will end the pandemic with a safe and effective vaccine, creating million jobs, a phenomenal year and we will be announcing in my opinion a phenomenal, phenomenal record setting third-quarter and quickly return to full employment. I will implement a middle-class tax cut, reduce regulations that the playful small businesses. We have already cut regulations more than any President In history whether four years, eight years or one case law I cut regulations far more than any President In history of the country, a highway that would take 21 years to get approved, we can get done now in one year and it made me reject it for safety or environmental reasons but you are going to know in one year we brought it down to a level nobody could believe. It may get rejected but rejected best because it gets built, expanding opportunity zones.

Able initiative to restore medical and pharmaceutical supply chains as part of the effort. I will revive the parnas , pharmaceutical industry, keep taxes low and move jobs to America and impose deep tariffs on any company that leaves. They want to leave, wants to make our product and sell it back after firing everybody, not going to happen. There will be tariffs, we will strip federal contracts for companies that outsource critical industries, negotiate more, this has to do. Negotiate more fair and reciprocal trade deals. We want reciprocal deals.

If you look at what Europe has done over many years, we are bringing it back into balance but it is way unbalanced. We protect them militarily and they take advantage of us with tariffs and nonmonetary tariffs which are worse. We have to put America first like other countries that put themselves first but we are putting America first.

We will make America into the manufacturing superpower in the world, ending reliance on China once and for all. We will ensure that America remains the world's number one energy producer, we will end surprise medical billing, required transcript the go into effect. And further reduce the cost of prescription drugs. As you probably know, those of you in the drug industry are not a big fan of donald trump but I instituted a clause with Germany or other nation buying the drug for one twentieth of what we are paying and in some cases you have price discrepancies like that.

We go to the lowest rate in the world for the largest purchaser of drugs we go to the lowest price, somebody selling a bill for $0.10 and we are paying $2.50, we go to $0.10 and the $0.10 will come up a little bit but your drug prices will be reduced by 50, 60, 70, 80, 90%. That is the way it is. We strongly protect medicare, social security, patients with preexisting conditions and as far as the middleman is concerned the middleman is out as far as purchasing drugs from other countries until everything else kicks in, canada pays 50% what we pay.

I have given governor's permission to go to canada and buy drugs directly from canada, ron desantis, the state of florida, approximately 50% and more on the purchase of drugs, they buy the same drugs from the same plan to a lab, 50% less. I outlined a new plan to provide historic parity. This is important to the black community known as the black plan creating new wealth, new access to capital and school choice as civil right for every American family, we need school choice. The Democrat will never give you school choice, they will never give you charter schools that have worked so well. We are lifting up citizens of every race, color, religion and creed, delivering the future of fairness, justice and dignity for every community in our land and we are defending our values and principles and our cherished way of life.

Guided by timeless convictions we will make next year one of the single greatest years in the history of our country. It is an honor to be with you. I think I will be with you next year again but we will have 2 c. If I don't when the election you probably won't want me and that is okay with me too but I think we will have a tremendous success. We are having lines of people, 30, 40, 50,000 people lining up to see a speech with one day notice and my opponent is getting 22 people with working very hard to get them.

We will have a tremendous success. I hope so but next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of the country, we will see growth like we haven't seen before and an honor to be with you. We will take a few questions please. Thank you, mister president. I will say this, you're looking very fit. That is all for the good.

We enter the q and a, two very able questioners today are cindy o'connell of the economic club of florida and david lucassign of the economic club of washington dc. Each will be asking two questions in alternating order. You have the first question. On behalf of the economic club of florida and the sunshine state we are honored to be with you today. The question.

How important is funding for infrastructure products like airports, bridges, roads around the country to national security. How do these figure into your next term? Very big. We have a plan now but we will make it bigger.

We are having a hard time getting's things through the Democrat. We got the wall, the wall is one of the biggest infrastructure plans ever, the wall is a massive highly technical, highly expensive wall, has given us a tremendous border, we have actually shutdown the illegals coming in, virtually shut them down and the drug traffic, everything is way down and we consider that infrastructure, one of the largest infrastructure projects ever. We want to review our roads and highways, tunnels and bridges, some are in safe.

If you look at a list, they call them unsafe. They can't be so unsafe, how would they let them open but in very bad condition, and bridges, it is an absolute priority. The Democrat didn't want to do it because they don't want to make things look good, they want to make things look bad. I was telling somebody, can the country come together? It was coming together prior to the plague coming in from China should have never happens.

Prior to the plague coming in, people were calling me that were not calling me for years, they wanted to make deals, wanted to get together and basically success is going to bring us all to gather, we will have greater success now, relatively speaking not much, success is going to bring us together, infrastructure is a big part of it. Thank you for speaking to was. I have a question about the federal debt. We have $27 trillion of federal debt now. If we have a stimulus bill out of Congress, are you worried the entire amount of federal debt will be too large trust to pay off in a sensible way? You and I talk about federal debt a lot.

I know what is on your mind. It is on my mind. The one thing I will say is we were starting prior to the plague to get that number down. We were getting that number, interest rates were so low and seeing things on such a positive scale, we had no choice but to put money in. You had to put money in because of the pandemic but we were starting to focus on that very deeply. We were making it long-term, getting ready to pay off interest, getting ready to pay off the debt and a lot of good things were happening and then all of a sudden you are running a country and it is going beautiful you have the greatest economy in history and you are in a position to start thinking about paying off large chunks of debt and all of a sudden something like the pandemic happens, the plague but it is very concerning to me and we will start doing that and tremendous growth, the growth will get it done.

We will take care of it. It is very much on my mind, one of the first questions you always ask me and one of the first questions I talk to you about and the sad things, we were getting ready to be able to do it and we will have to wait a little longer but we are going to have an economy that will be just as good or better and that will be next year. Thank you very much. The big thing is taxes are much lower. David can tell you.

We talk about this. Many companies have come to this country that would never be here if we didn't cut taxes. That is corporate taxes but we cut middle income taxes and we are going again for big middle income tax cut. They want to raise taxes and they want to raise it on the nonsense, the green new deal, if you look at the divisional points of the green new deal it is insane, it is absolutely religious, let's take down buildings and build buildings with smaller windows because they are environmentally more efficient. The whole thing is insane. At first I thought it was just a political hoax but they actually want to do it and destroy our country.

We are low taxes. We are continuing to be low taxes, we are low regulation and I believe strongly in regulation but not where it takes 21 years to get a highway approved. I believe in regulation where it takes one year with two years and that is why we have a down. You can have low taxes, one of the things I spoke with farmers today and we take it for granted, they collect the death tax, the estate tax on farms, and businesses, we got rid of.

The Democrat want to raise taxes to a level quadruple, to a level nobody has ever seen before. What is even worse is they didn't want to take that money and wants to squander it on this green new deal nonsense that was made up by a person that has no environmental sense, no sense period. Purely political and I can't even believe it politically. But we are going to be cutting taxes further and that includes business taxes. But middle income taxes.

We had a point during this incredible run prior to the plague where families were saving $9,000 a year when you add energy into it, what obama had, that was something. The numbers, fantastically big number, big difference. Final question. Some industries have been very hard hit by the pandemic like the cruise industry, the airline industry, the hotel industry, the restaurant industry. When do you think those industries will be able to recover and be back where they were before the pandemic? One of the toughest questions because this was a vicious vicious pandemic, vicious disease especially if you are of a certain age etc.

Etc.. People in the cruise industry were sailing high, didn't have a problem in the world and all of a sudden fighting for their lives, same with hotels and other industries. We are trying to help them. It is going to happen. The vaccine will be a big factor.

I also think it is rounding the turn with or without. It will get back, we are trying to get stimulus money which I think is very important for certain industries. The airline business. People are not hopping into airplanes to travel, you have to quarantine for two weeks. Who is going to do that? We are working with other countries.

It will all come back. This thing is going away and it is all going to come back but in the meantime I would like to see the Democrat loosen up a little bit. All they want to do is bail out there badly run cities and states, they want bailout money.

They don't care about the worker, don't care about the people, trillions of dollars in bailout money so they can bailout new york, california, all these states that frankly need more help than that. That is why we are going to do very well this election in those places. They need more help than that. I can tell you those industries, they were great industries, they will be back and it will be sooner rather than later.

I'm looking at the washington monument, the lincoln memorial, I always think of david, more than george washington when I look at the washington monument because he really did a fantastic job. He saved it, nobody is taking it down, nobody is getting close to it. I am pleased to announce we have a lot of great speakers, let me give you a few names. In the next few weeks we've got General Hr mcmaster that will address the economic club in new york that is this afternoon.

That should be a very interesting discussion. After that tom harkin, the President Of federal reserve bank of richmond. The editor of political report, chief executive order of life insurance company and the ceo of morgan stanley. The chief economist at moody's analytics, in that commission.

That is a great agenda and I will see you soon. Thank you.