ID: CSPANDT102202036
Title: President Trump Rally in Manchester, New Hampshire
Date: 2020-02-10

ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the President Of the United States. Donald j trump. (music) [proud to be an American] (music) [cheers and applause] [chanting usa] hello manchester, I am thrilled to be in the great state of new hampshire what thousands of hard-working patriots, uber believe in God, family and country. Thank you, thank you and thank you. We have more in this arena , I hate to say this to you , we have more outside of this arena trying to get in.

If you would like to give up your seat or where you are standing. If you want to give it up and let them come in, does anybody want to make that deal? I don't think so. But, we have more in this arena and outside of this arena than all of the other candidates, meaning that Democrat, put together and multiply times five. And the fake news, these guys will never report that.

[booing] they don't even like showing the crowd. They only show my face. They never show the crowd. You know what? The people can hear the crowd. The people can hear the crowd.

They know. [cheers and applause] that is not the sound of 200 people. One of their prime candidates today, they work a big deal, they had exactly 104 people. And the fake news said it was a nice crowd, very nice.

If I had one empty seat here, one empty seat in this massive arena, they would say he did not sell out. But you know what, we have never had an empty seat from the day your future first lady and I first came down the escalator. [cheers and applause] we have the biggest arenas in the country. With your help in november 3, we will defeat the radical, socialist Democrat. We are going to win new hampshire in a landslide. [cheers and applause] this is a truly incredible time for America.

We have the best economy we have ever had. The most prosperity , we have got the most prosperity. We will keep it that way if it's ok. And we have just built the most powerful military anywhere in the world. It was totally depleted, now it is all new jets.

It has brand-new missiles and rockets. Everything you can imagine. And if it hasn't been shipped yet, it will be shipped soon. On tuesday I delivered my address on the state of the union. [cheers and applause] that was very distracting.

I am speaking and a woman is mumbling terribly behind me. Angry. There was anger back there.

We are the ones who should be anger , angry, not them. But, we proudly declared that we are in the midst of the great American comeback. Our country is stronger today than ever before. And the day after my address, our good Republican in the United States Senate voted to reject the outrageous partisan impeachment hoax, and to issue a full, complete and absolute total acquittal. [cheers and applause] and it wasn't even close. I want to thank our Republican senators and our Republican House members.

They were tremendous. In the House we won the 196 to, to is nothing in that we got three Democrat. In the Senate, other than romney , [booing] we got 52, 52 to nothing. That is something.

In one case we got 53 to nothing , but I don't even count that. The radical left's pathetic go partisan is failed and utterly backfired with 18 votes to spare. And also, very importantly, as of today, I, week on the this is we, it's not I, we are all in this together.

We have the highest poll numbers that we have ever had. Thank you nancy very much. [cheers and applause] while the extreme left has been wasting America's time with this vile hoax, we have been killing terrorists, creating jobs, securing our borders and lifting up citizens of every race, color, religion and creed. [cheers and applause] from our rural communities, to our cities, we are expanding the blessings of America to all of our citizens. We added another 225,000 new jobs last month alone.

[cheers and applause] and I listened, I watched , all these experts said, yes, I think 60,000. Another one said, 101,000, another one was 118, then the number came out, 225,000. Pretty good. We have destroyed the ISIS caliphate.

We killed the founder and leader of ISIS. [cheers and applause] al baghdadi is dead. We just took out the world's top terrorist. It seems alemany , solamani, ending his evil reign forever.

The fact is, America is respected again. But as we keep on winning, washington jet , washington Democrat keep on losing their minds. They are crazy. That is why millions of registered Democrat voters are leaving their party to join our great Republican party. [cheers and applause] I cannot tell you what is happening tomorrow, because you have some pretty strange election laws here.

Remember last time we won the primary tremendously. We should have won the election but they had buses shipped up from massachusetts. It was very, very close. This year we have a great governor, governor sununu. [cheers and applause] now you get prosecuted if you do with they did.

It should be a lot different. But we have done great. This has been an incredible state. This is a state where the people are great. Just great people. We hear that there could be , you have crossovers and primaries.

I hear a lot of Republican will vote for the weakest candidate possible of the Democrat. You people would not do that. I am trying to figure out who is their weakest candidate, I think they are all wea , weak. We proudly welcome and embrace voters of all parties and political persuasions who want to join our mission.

A very simple mission. Remember? Make America great again. [cheers and applause] after we make it great again, which we already have, we have 141 days where the stock markets have reached their all-time historical high. 141. Out of three years , and I view it differently.

Well, I look at your 401(k)s. Who is doing well with their 401(k)? [cheers and applause] up 90%, up 104%. Is there anybody doing badly with the 401(k)? I would like to not talk to that person.

Does anybody have a 401(k)? Don't put up your hand, I don't believe you. The 401(k)s are up 90%, 95%. People come up to me and say, I want to thank you, my wife thinks I am a terrible loser. She thinks I am the worse person with money, with financials. I am up 94%, sir.

She thinks I am a total genius when it comes to funds. She loves me again, she did not love me before. She loves me again. That tells you something about money, doesn't it? The first step to victory in november is tomorrow, go send a message that Republican , you can vote for the weakest candidate if you want.

Don't worry about it. I don't think we have a candidate against us. Republican are energized, we are united, and that nine months from now we are going to take back the House of representatives.

We are going to hold the Senate, and we are going to keep the white House. [cheers and applause] you know, they always talk about the Democrat, they have enthusiasm. We have so much more enthusiasm, it is not even close. They are all fighting each other. They don't know what the hell they are doing. They don't know what they are doing, they can't even count their votes.

We are thrilled to be joined tonight by many great leaders from across the state and this country. Great national leaders. I want to thank our tremendous vice president, mike pence, was spoke earlier this evening.

[cheers and applause] and also with us are warriors senators. The two people that wanted to be here. They will be here tomorrow to get out the vote. I don't think we have to worry too much about it, but that's ok. Very highly respected.

Senators lindsey graham and rand paul. [applause] lindsay and rand that is not bad. Can you imagine if you actually came from new hampshire what it would be. That's not bad.

They said, read the transcripts. Read the transcripts. But I want to thank you both very much.

Two great people. Two great friends. Look at all that television back there. Whoa. [booing] that is bigger than those terrible academy awards.

It used to be big, not so much anymore. A friend of mine, another great leader and somebody that is going to be Speaker Of the House , hopefully next year. Kevin mccarthy, our leader.

Kevin mccarthy. [cheers and applause] oh, will that be nice to have kevin, a pro. You will see things get done like you never have before. Great.

A very brave man, he took a bullet. He got shot. He was going to die that night. I tell the story all the time. His wife was crying so much. One thing I learned, your wife loves you.

She was devastated. I know many wives that don't get too upset. His wife was devastated. His family was devastated.

The doctor told me he did not have a good chance, but he is tough as hell and he is a really terrific friend. He is a winner. He looks better now than he did before he got shot.

Steve scalise. [cheers and applause] whoa, not bad, matt. Mike johnson. Great lawyer.

Mike johnson. Thank you, mike. And a man with a very familiar last name, greg pence. Thank you. Thank you.

And thanks also to new hampshire's Senate Republican leader chuck morse. Thank you, chuck. Thank you. And I see a great couple in the audience. Matt's lap and were cedi's schlep , and mercedes sclaphlap.

They are warriors also. I see next to them, to warriors. You are such a fighter.

You are such a fighter. Boy, if we could get him to run for Senate he would win so easily. Corey lewandowski. Who loves the state a lot. Thank you david.

Great job. I am just picking these people out of the audience. We have everybody here. The new hampshire House Republican leader, dick hitch.

Thank you, dick. A man who has been with us right from the beginning. When I left here last time I felt so good, everybody coming up to the room. We won by a lot, right? We had a total of 18. We had a tremendous night and I have never forgotten it.

There was a friend of ours, chairman of the new hampshire Republican party. Steve. That was a big evening.

[applause] at three friends of mine that are cochairmen. How, fred , al and fred. Thank you very much and david and corey. Also, a woman that not too many people know. Very powerful, very smart, very beautiful, even though I am not allowed to say that because she is my daughter, ivanka.

[cheers and applause] [whistling] come on up. , up here. And jared, who is making deals that are so good for this country. People have no idea what is happening. We are making trade deals and other deals, the likes of which nobody has ever seen before. Thank you, jared.

And kimberly, thank you. I heard your speech on the plane on the way in, I was very impressed. And itdid don jr.

Make a good speech? [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause] they are good kids, they went through a lot with this hoax, they went through a lot with the hoax, I will tell you. A woman who headed up the great state of michigan, the Republican had wanted for 30 some odd years, you don't win michigan they said, I said really every time we have we have a crowd like this we get a win. They were in trouble because we won the great state of michigan, and helping us, with the rnc chairwoman ronna mcdaniel. Great job.

I said get me the woman from michigan. Who is that woman from michigan to head up the rnc, thank you ron, a great job. Setting all kinds of records , polling records, contribution records, everything, were doing , we are doing everything, great job.

And tommy hicks, I want you to say hello. Tommy hicks is a special friend. And haley, thank you darling. I retweeted you, haley, I retweeted you you all over the place. And together, we are building the world's most prosperous economy, and the most inclusive society and it were in the world, it's a great place. Since my election, americas made 7 million new jobs.

The unemployment rate has hit the lowest rates in half a century. The average unemployment rate under my administration is lower than any previous administration in the history of our country, do you believe that one? That's pretty amazing. That's pretty amazing.

The unemployment rate among african-americans, hispanic americans, and asian-americans has reached record lows, all-time, never been lower than what it is now. And by the way, our poll numbers, with african americans, with hispanic americans, with asian americans, the other side's getting a little nervous, because they're like rocket ships, they are going up. African American youth unemployment, so important, it was a horrible number if you years ago. A terrible thing that was happening. It's just reached the lowest in the history, lowest, the best number in the history of our country.

[cheers and applause] and african American poverty numbers have hit the lowest rate ever recorded. Wages for african American workers have increased by $2400 per year, also a record. And you know this, for decades, the democratic party has betrayed african americans, they betrayed us all, they betrayed all of us, but we are delivering for african americans, we are delivering for asian americans, and hispanic americans like nobody has ever done, we are fighting for great jobs, great schools, great health care and a truly great future for our country and for them. We are the party of equal opportunity for all americans.

To support working families, we have reduced the cost of childcare, expanded paid leave, and given 40 million American families and average of $2200 more in their pockets thanks to the Republican child tax credit. Who would have thought that? [cheers and applause] we have cut more job killing regulations than any administration, you know this one, so you go back four years, eight years, in one case, longer than eight years, we have cut more job killing regulations than any other administration in the history of our country. And we are not finished. And we ended the war on American energy. They want to take our energy away, they want to take our wealth away, they want to give us wind, wind, if it blows wonderful, if it doesn't blow you have problems.

Wind. They want to destroy our country sites and put windmills all over. Watch your House go down in value. You ever see what happens?

They build a windmill between a distance of your House, you can forget about your House. You can just say, that was the end of that investment. You want to see a bird graveyard?

Go to the bottom of the , of a windmill, take a look. It's a graveyard for birds, they kill all the birds, lower utility bills, reducing prices at the pump, that's what were doing , that's what we are doing. We have reversed decades of kilometers trade policy, washington politicians, you know this, they shuttered new hampshire factories. You are one of the worst examples. What nafta did to your communities and to your state is incredible, shattered your communities and sacrificed your jobs on the promise of globalism, you can forget globalism, we want to take care of our country.

[cheers and applause] new hampshire alone lost one in four minutes after an jobs following the disaster of nafta and China's entrance into the world trade organization, one of the truly bad deals ever made in the history of our country. For decades, politicians campaigned across the state promising to replace nafta. They lied. They never did it, they didn't try to do it. They wouldn't have been able to anyway. But then they got elected and they did absolutely nothing.

But I am not like those other politicians. I keep my promises. We took care of it. [cheers and applause] last month, you saw , bing, bye bye.

I say donald j. Trump, bye-bye nafta. We ended the nafta catastrophe, and I signed a brand-new u.s. Mexico canada agreement into law. It's going to be great for manufacturers, our farmers, great for everybody, great for our workers.

The usmca will bring jobs back to new hampshire, right where they belong, they should have never left in the first place. Probably the number one reason I ran for office. I am one for one, I have friends, some of these great senators, look at lindsey over there, look at rand. Great senators.

I should run five times. Other senators said, sure I won seven times sir, I've won seven times sir, and I've worked five of those damn contests. I said I ran once, and we are going to run twice. Although they think we are going to run, it scares the hell out of the fake news, I will tell you. They can't take a joke.

I also took the strongest ever action to confront China's massive theft of American jobs. And our strategy worked. Massive tariffs, and tariff money is pouring in and has poured in by the billions and billions. We never took in ten cents from China, they ripped us so much you and believe, it now they respect us again. Last month, we signed a groundbreaking, trade agreement with China that will defeat so many of our opponents. The money that is pouring in, people don't even know, and by the way, the virus, they're working hard, it looks like by april, you know in theory, when it gets a little warmer, miraculously it goes away, I hope that's true, but were doing , we are doing great in our country.

We spoke with President Xi. They are working very hard. It's all going to work out fine. They're all getting better but our trade agreement with China will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, and boost exports of American made made goods, isn't that nice?

After years of building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. On no issue of washington Democrat thoroughly sold out. The American people, and the thing called immigration, right? Before I came into office, the far-left's policy of open borders allowed deadly drugs to flow freely into our country, and that's what they want.

I see them campaigning right down the street. It's really boring to watch, but I try and watch. I have an obligation to watch, really boring stuff. But they want open borders. They want thousands and thousands of people at the border into our country.

Many of whom are not exactly what we are looking for, ok? I mean, murderers, rapists, and some other things, they're going to be poisoning our children with drugs, including right here in new hampshire, and you have one of the biggest drug problems in the country. We brought it down 18%, but we have to do better. 18%. [cheers and applause] washington Democrat put the needs of illegal immigrants before the well-being of American citizens. They want to let anyone into our country from all around the world, just come on in folks, we are going to give you free health care, we are going to give you free education.

We are going to give you more than our veterans are getting, we are going to give you every family will get a free rolls-royce. You know I said that, matt, I said that to them, and some of the fake news picked it up, and they said, President Trump said every family coming into our country illegally gets a brand-new free rolls-royce. He lied, he lied, he lied , they gave me a pinocchio.

They don't get it, actually they get better than we understand, they get it very well, they get it, they know what is happening. And the wall is being built, I will tell, you the wall is being built. [cheers and applause] and you know, they went after us, saying everybody knows the wall is going up. So what's happening, you do know who is paying for the wall, don't you? Redemption from illegal aliens that are coming in. The redemption money is paying for the wall.

It's so sad to hear that because , finally, they go, you have to understand entire party, says they will give you anything I want military will rebuild its too prefectural and dollars. It can be anything, but not $.10 for the wall. They say we like drones. Where going to give you this drone. No good. So we have now built over 100 miles of wall.

[cheers and applause] when we have that wall built, you have to see what happens to the illegal aliens that don't come in. They can't come in, they don't come in. We have over 100, substantially over 100 miles of wall, and we have close to 500 miles of wall in the very near future. And by the way, you have to see, you wouldn't believe it, you have to see what happens when that wall goes up. You have to say the numbers change like magic.

They change like magic. It's called , you know, do you ever hear the thing, with all the modern technology, all of the new computers, the new, everything cyber, this cyber that, two things never change, I , a wheel and a wall. [cheers and applause] right? A wheel and a wall. They're going to have a lot of brilliant people working over the years, they are never going to replace the wheel or the wall. Illegal immigrants coming in, coming into our country illegally, very few are getting in right now.

Mexico has been terrific. We have 27,000 mexican soldiers at the border, and the numbers went down 87% from this year at this time last year. [cheers and applause] and for the amount of money washington Democrat want to spend supporting illegal immigrants, we could rebuild the cities in America. People were screaming to me for the last four or five rallies, read the snake.

The snake. Does anybody know what I am talking about? She knows, she's been standing outside for four days, no wonder.

And you look good, I will tell you what. Four days outside in the rain and snow , look at these front row people. These are warriors. [cheers and applause] they are warriors, too, like my congressmen and senators. They mentioned illegal immigration.

This is about immigration. This is a song from the 1950's, al green. They mentioned little changes to it, that's ok, but they mentioned illegal immigration, right? I used to do this a lot. People could not get enough of it, to be honest with you. I haven't done it for a while.

I thought I would do it tonight, because you're on the eve of giving us an opponent, and all of these people want open borders, they want open borders, and we don't want open borders. We want very strong, closed borders. And we want people to come into our country, but they want to come in through merit, and we want them to come in legally, right? Through merit and legally.

Right? So we will do this quickly, this is illegal immigration, it's called , oh, listen to how quiet it is. Listen to how quiet. Watch how quiet it gets.

It gets so quiet. But this is all about , I love you, too. It was a guy that said that, but I love him, too. I love everybody. Ready? So important, illegal immigration, on our way to work one morning, down the path, along the lake, a tenderhearted woman saw a poor half frozen snake.

His pretty colored skin had been all frosted, with the due, poor things she cried, I will take you in, and I will take care of you. Take me in, oh, tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake. Take me in, oh tender woman, sighed the vicious snake. She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and laid him by her fireside with some honey and some milk, she heard home from work that night. , she hurried home from work that night, and as soon as she arrived, she found that pretty snake she had taken in had been fully, fully revived.

Take me in, oh, tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake, take me in, oh, tender woman, sighed that vicious snake. She clutched him to her bosom, you're so beautiful she cried, but if I hadn't brought you win , you in by now, you truly would have died. She stroke his pretty skin again and kissed, him and held him tight, but instead of saying thank you, the snake gave her a vicious bite. Take me in, oh, tender woman, take me in, for heaven's sake.

I saved you, cried the woman, and you have been may, but , bitten me, but why? You know your bite is poisonous, and now I'm going to die. Shut up, silly woman, said the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in. [cheers and applause] gotta come in legally and through merit under my administration. We are finally taking care of our own citizens first, including millions of african American and hispanic americans who are entitled to a government that protects their families and their communities.

In this region of the country alone, last year, ice officers , we love our ice officers. [cheers and applause] the Democrat don't like them. The Democrat don't like. Ice officers are the toughest human beings.

They love the country as much as anybody in this room. Last year alone, they arrested over 2000 criminal aliens, charged or convicted of dangerous offenses, including robbery, rate, and murder over 2000 accused of murder. Yet left-wing politicians support sanctuary cities. Release criminal aliens directly into the American community. One of my guests in the state of the union was American citizen, jody jones , jodi jones, his beloved brother, rocky, was murdered by a criminal alien in california, shot him eight times , close range, would not stop. Rocky's killer had been previously arrested many many times, but under california's totally insane and outrageous law, authorities were ordered to set him free.

Tragically, left-wing politicians in new hampshire try to replicate california's disastrous policies. Last year, the Democrat-controlled new hampshire House blocked legislation that would have banned sanctuary cities in your state. And by the way, you have a great governor. He is on top of it.

He is on top of it. [cheers and applause] and his father is a great guy. His father didn't like me too much if you years ago. Once, he was good, he fought like hell for us, all of us, great family. Chris is doing a fantastic job.

[cheers and applause] if you want to shut down sanctuary cities, if you want to protect your family and your loved ones, you must vote Republican in 2020, november. [cheers and applause] we have reduced illegal border crossings eight straight months in a row. Illegal crossings are down now at record numbers, and we have ended catcher release. You know what catch and release this? You catch an illegal alien by law, you then take his name and address, what is your address? What?

They don't have addresses. They come into the country, they don't have addresses. They take his them, then you have to release him into the country. And you say, we will see you in four years for your court case. We never see them.

They never come back. We have deported record numbers of gang members, ms-13 by the thousands. [cheers and applause] and we have done more to secure the border of our country than any administration in history. Remember this. Washington Democrat have never been more extreme. Taking their cues from crazy bernie.

132 congressional Democrat have signed up for bernie's health care takeover that would strip 180 million americans of their very, very coveted private coverage. The Democrat party wants to run your health care, but they can't even run a caucus in iowa. [cheers and applause] by the way, it is a week.

A week. I turned on at 7:00, I wanted to see who won, they said there is a little problem. Little did they know, there's anybody who won iowa. I don't know, does anybody know? Does anybody know who won iowa?

Lindsay, you are a total pro. Nobody knows. Flip a coin.

Flip a coin. Flip a coin, they're gonna run your health care. Unbelievable, nobody knows who won. Actually, I think they are trying to take it away from bernie again.

I think bernie came in second, can you believe it? They are doing it to you again, bernie, they are doing it to you again. We are saving your health care while the socialist Democrat are trying to take away your health care. We are making health care better and much, much cheaper.

You have seen what we did. [cheers and applause] we are protecting people with pre-existing conditions, and we always will. The Republican party always will. Always will. [applause] and we got rid of the most unpopular thing and the health care world, the individual mandate.

We had to pay a fortune not to have , you paid a fortune not to pay a fortune for bad health care. We got rid of it. We saved a lot of money for a lot of people. [cheers and applause] and we are stopping surprise medical bills and making everything transparent.

That is bigger than health care, transparency. That will go unfortunately, into effect right around the election time. It would be nice if we could get in earlier, but it's all done. It's all signed. Because one providers are required to show you what the prices are, those prices are going to come tumbling down. The blood tests is an example.

One hospital has them for $53. Another hospital, the same test, $2415. Same exact test. It may be even better.

Who knows? More generic drugs than ever before at any time in the history of our country. That is good. Where defending your right to keep your doctor and your plan. Remember President Obama? You can keep your plan, you can keep your doctor , that didn't turn out very good.

We should impeach him for that. Why are we not impeaching him? 20th eight times, you can keep your doctor. We should impeach President Obama. Democrat are now the party of high taxes, high crime. Open borders, late term abortions, socialism, and blatant corruption.

The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late, great abraham lincoln. Right? Abraham. [cheers and applause] Republican are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and walk of life.

We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, and a doozy is a. We love people. We are asking all americans to join our incredible movement. People are signing up left and right people but if you want to vote for a week candidate tomorrow, go ahead. Pick one.

Pick the weakest one you think, I don't know who it is. We are a big party with big ideas for the future. Very big.

We have become a big party and an open-minded party. And we are the party that people like. We are the hot party. Where the party without all the enthusiasm. We are fighting for school choice, because no parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. [cheers and applause] we passed criminal justice reform to give former prisoners is second chance at life.

Prisoners never really had a shot. They get out, they couldn't that I don't know matter what they did. They would go back to their ways. In many cases, I guess they had no choice. It was a disaster.

Now they are getting out. And because our economy is so good and because of what we have done with criminal justice reform and other things like opportunity zones, etc., they are getting jobs, and employers are loving them. They are doing great.

They are doing great. [cheers and applause] they are doing great, first time ever they are not going back. To uphold the rule of law, we have confirmed 191 federal judges who will interpret the constitution as written. [cheers and applause] and as you know, we have also confirmed to great new , 2 great new supreme court justices.

Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you, rand, lindsey, thank you. We have invested $2.3 million to rebuild the United States military, because we are funding for new hampshire, the new hampshire army national guard ready to center just a few miles from here in pembroke and in concord.

I love concord. Oh, concord. Do you know how famous concord is? Concord. That's the same concord that we read about all the time. Right?

Concord. I love concord. I recognized israel's capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. And wewe recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights.

We have been trying to do that for 52 years and we got it done. For years, you watched as your politicians apologized , they went out , I would like to apologize for the behavior of the United States. No, no, we don't apologize anymore. [applause] now you have a President Who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the great people of new hampshire. Thank you.

[applause] at stake is the survival of our nation. If you weren't your children to inherit the blessings that generations of americans have fought and died for to secure, than we must devote everything we have towards victory november 3, 2020. On the this way can we save the America we love and drain the washington swamp once and for all, and it will tell you, that swamp is much worse than I thought when I was out here innocently campaigning. Let's drain the swamp. It is a lot worse than anybody ever thought. That swamp is a dirty swamp.

[chanting "drain the swamp!"] that is a dirty swamp. Some really evil, dirty, horrible people. They are not good people. But we are dreaming that soccer sucker but surely, with your help. We will put millions to work.

Dependence to independence and poverty to prosperity. Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a safe and lawful immigration system. We will continue to enact new trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase "made in the usa." we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer and ending the age epidemic in America in less than 10 years. It will be done. We will land of the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant a flag on mars. [applause] all made in the usa.

We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and , the right to? [crowd cheers] keep and bear arms! [cheers and applause] we are going to protect you second amendment. By the way, they are going to take away everything.

They will take away your health, your guns, they will take away everything. [crowd booing] above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We will support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States.

We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We believe that families, not government and bureaucracy, are the true and American way.

We believe children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and to always respect our great American flag. [cheers] and we live by the words of our national motto, "in God we trust." from nashua to dixville, from portsmouth to plymouth, from concorde to claremont, and from meredith to write here in manchester we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat and sold to secure our liberty and defend our freedom. [cheers and applause] new hampshire was funded by tough front year men and strong powerful pioneer women who defied , tough, frontier men and strong, powerful, pioneer women.

Live free or die , I love that motto , live free or die! [applause] to wilderness, braved the elements, fought the battles and helped make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth, and we are making it greater every single day. Greater than ever before. [applause] proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people.

That's what this is all about. [applause] with your help, your devotion, and your trust, we will keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting.

And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning! [cheers and applause] we are one was meant, one people, one family , one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen of new hampshire, the best is yet to come. [cheers and applause] [crowd chants "four more years!"] together we will make America strong again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again!

Thank you, new hampshire, thank you. Thank you, new hampshire! [cheers and applause] (music) (music) [rolling stones' "you can't always get what you want" playing](music) I saw her today at the reception. A glass of wine in her hand I knew she would meet her connection at her feet was a footloose man no, you can't always get what you want you can't always get what you want (music) you can't always get what you want but if you try sometime you'll find you get what you need (music) (music)