ID: CSPANDT178202050
Title: President Trump Delivers Remarks in Mankato, Minnesota
Date: 2020-08-17

well, thank you very much, minnesota. We were supposed to have 100 people. You cannot have many more than that. A lot of people showed up. I want to thank you. We would love to have those rallies, but I guess you just cannot do that.

You are not allowed to do that now, but we do other airport, and people like them, and a lot of people come back, and unfortunately, we had to hold up a lot of people in the back, which I feel bad about. 78 days, 78 days, we are going to win this state and take back the white House, and we are going to have an election that is all about the survival of the nation. This is a very important, in my opinion, I used to say 20, and I must tell you, this is going to be the most important election in the history of our country. This is a very, very big deal. Joe biden is the puppet of left-wing extremists trying to erase our borders, eliminate our pulleys, indoctrinate our children, vilify our heroes, take away our energy. You know all about that.

Take away our injury -- energy, if you can believe that, destroy our fossil fuels, right to life and replace American idealism with left-wing fascism. We are going left-wing all of the way. Fascists. Not all of them, but they are getting closer and closer. We have to win this election, but the proud people of minnesota will not let this happen.

You will deliver a historic victory from values and our treasured way of life. And save our cities and our suburbs from a future of crime, chaos, corruption, and economic collapse that the puppet, joe biden, would unleash on America. This is a puppet. He would not do it intentionally.

He would just say, "well, whatever they want, and would because he has no clue, no clue. Low income housing, destroying people's American dream. And if biden and harris get into power, they pledge to raise your taxes by $4 trillion, which, put in very simple terms, means many of you will have to paid double and triple the taxes that you're paying right now.

This includes a tax of over $3000 on a typical family of four. Biden/harris also pledged to eliminate fracking, natural gas, oil, and coal production, forcing us to bed for energy from foreign suppliers. On my watch, America will proudly remain energy independent, first time, energy independent. We have made a lot of progress on energy. I want to thank your terrific representatives in Congress, tom -- where is tom? There he is.

What a man. These are warriors. Jim. Pete. And this is a very important one, fellows. This is very important.

Your next Senator From minnesota, a fantastic man. I have just seen he is even in the poll. Normally, that does not mean much, but jason lewis, he is going to be a fantastic senator. That is ahead of schedule, and I hear we are doing very well in the poll. We win minnesota, it is over. It is over, right?

We win minnesota, but our great Republican candidates for Congress, michelle -- where is michelle? I hear so many great things about you. I have heard so many great things.

Though out and do it. You are going to do it. We will be out there, working with you. Tyler. Tyler.

Tyler. Good luck, tyler. This is a great group.

And a man whose name I love, lacey johnson. Great job. I have been following you, lacey.

You are doing good. You are doing good. Thank you, lacey, very much. We really have to get them -- warriors, all of them. All of them. We have to get them in, because we have to stop this.

No law enforcement. They do not know what they are doing. They will lose the country.

Somebody said the other day, and I say it strongly, "sir, you are the only thing between that and the disappearance of the American dream." we do not stop, we do not keep this position -- we are going to win the House. I feel confident we are going to win the House. I am very much involved with every single race, and with the Senate, we are working very hard. I think we will be in great shape for the Senate. Did you see that cnn raised us 10 points in one poll that took place over a short period of time, and it is still not good enough.

It is still not good enough. They are getting more honest, because I tell you what. There has never been enthusiasm like we have. Including in 2016.

We have never had -- we had more enthusiasm than anyone has seen, maybe ever in a presidential campaign, and it pales in comparison to what is going on right now. Even this, we wanted to restrict the crowd. We did not tell anybody, and look at what happens. But look at voters for trump. Look at bikers for trump. They have highways with thousands of people, thousands of people, bikers -- I don't know, I am driving along and get passed by 2000 bikers, I do not know what to do, and the world record yesterday for votes, but no matter where -- in florida.

No matter where you go, rivers, oceans, bikers by the thousands. The weekend is unbelievable. The leader, thank you, paul. Good job, paul. Are we doing good?

I think we are, too. And minnesota House Republican leader, another great one, kurt. Thank you very much. I am having a lot of fun today because it is so windy, you cannot see -- I am sort of making it up as we go along, cannot see these teleprompters. These are blowing, and I am saying, what the hell?

Fortunately, I know these people. If I did not know these people, you would have been in big trouble. I tell you that. Another one I know quite well is the single greatest ad buyer, and he also happens to make a very good product, his pillow. I sleep well when I am using his pillow, and these are about to fall down, but that is ok, because I know him well. Mike.

And he is the chairman of our campaign. If I do not minnesota with you as the chairman of our campaign, I would say that would be very bad for me, because this guy can do anything. Thank you, mike.

It is an honor, and we appreciate it very much. You do a great job, and it is all made in minnesota, right? All made in minnesota. Thank you very much, mike.

Before the China virus invaded our shores, we built the greatest economy in history. There was nothing like it. We were beating everybody, including China. They had the worst year in 67 years. We were taking in billions and billions and billions of dollars in tariffs, a beautiful thing, tariffs, when you use them properly, especially when you are being taken care of -- taken advantage of by every country in the world. African-American, hispanic American, asian American, young people, people with diplomas, people without diplomas, college students, crummy students, great students, horrible students, dumb people, liberal people, conservative people.

Everybody was doing the best they ever done. Phds from crummy colleges. Everybody was doing the best they ever done. Median household income soared through the highest level ever recorded. Numbers were unbelievable to open, new opportunities for minnesota farmers and factory workers. [applause] we replaced the disaster known as nafta with a brand-new usmca which is been great.

[cheering] dairy exports to canada are expected to search 50%. Do not tell canada I said this because they were not happy about it. When they have tickets about a deal that makes you feel good.

Oh canada, a nice song. They took advantage of us like crazy. 297% tariffs on your dairy products. They had specialty milk and I met a farmer and he said what had happened with specialty milk.

That got me over the edge and I said, we have got to change this. You were taken advantage of by canada very badly and by mexico and China and japan and by friends and foe. For years you watch politicians like sleepy joe biden, who has been in office 47 years and allowed for nations to crush minnesota's mining industry. Dumping tons and tons of cheap iron and steel into our country. I did something about it. [cheering] China wants me to lose so badly, they all do.

Yet I get along with all of them, although China I do not speak to them. After the plague came -- we made a great deal with China. They announced last week China ordered the largest amount of corn in history. The largest amount of soybeans in history and big cattle purchases. One of the biggest anybody has seen and I said, see how smart they are? If they were not smart -- by ordering so much they say we like this deal a lot.

Do not do anything irrational. How smart is China? They announced last week China ordered the largest amount of corn in history.

And the largest amount of soybeans in history, and big cattle purchases, one of the biggest anyone has seen. And I said see how smart they are? If they weren't smart, they would have stopped and we would have said -- how smart is China?

The biggest corn order in history. So I have to say -- I tell you, my view has changed a lot. We made a great deal with China, but my view has changed a lot. Usmca is the biggest deal ever made and that one is working out great between canada and mexico. [applause] and remember this, minnesota, under the last administration, the last administrator -- administration, minnesota, 7000 plants were idled in 2000 workers were laid off.

Obama and biden closed it down. Do you remember that? The finest iron ore in the world they say, I don't know.

What do I know? To me, it all looks the same. They say it's the finest in the world and that's good enough for me. What did I do? Almost immediately after getting into office, I heard about this disaster, just like keystone pipeline, just like so much else, jason, and you will be working on that with me in the beautiful halls of the Senate and he's going to stay with us.

He's not going to be one of those that get selected. He's not going to be one of them that it selected and then walks into those gorgeous buildings where they have those big, beautiful dollar bills and they built marble columns and it's so beautiful and so rich, he's not going to say darling, we finally arrived, now we can go with the majority. He's going to do what's right. He's going to do what's right. You need jason.

Jason elected, please. But they closed it up and I was here and a worker, I was making speeches before you had to stand 200 feet away from everybody, before you had to stand two football fields away, and a worker came up to me with a group of his friends and they were all crying. They never cried before in their life, maybe when they were babies, but I doubt it.

He said sir, you gave us back our life. He said that. I had that just recently in maine, they took away 5000 square miles -- think of the square-mile and then multiply it by 5000. They took away 5000 square miles. That was obiden as I call them. That's obama and biden.

I like that term, obiden because you save a lot of time. That was obama and biden. Took away 5000 mike -- you know what that is? I said let me see what that looks like on a map. They basically took away the atlantic ocean from maine and maine is the greatest in the world or lobster and the greatest in the world just about for fishing. I said why did he take this area except he didn't know except that was the great fishing area and I gave it act them.

I took it all and wipe it out. I gave an executive order that wipe it out immediately. [applause] then we wiped out the tariffs they were being charged by China and by, as you know, the united kingdom was charging tariffs, they were all charging tariffs to our fishermen.

But we don't charge tariffs to them, so I made it fair. European union was a disaster charging tariffs. They were charging big tariffs. We wouldn't. So here's what was happening, so canada, they would sell the fish and lobster to canada for nothing, for peanuts, and canada would sell it to China and also to the European union because canada had a deal where they didn't have to pay the tariffs.

This was before my time. How this could have happened is incredible. I said listen, I'm going to put tariffs on your car.

They said we will change them immediately. Thank you very much. That took about two minutes. I did a lot for maine. We will see whether or not they will member. But I did similar for you when I opened up your great ironwork.

I put tariffs, I put tariffs on foreign steel and the iron rage came roaring back to life. You know that, right? Right? These guys came up to me, you've given us back our life. I've never forgotten that, you've given us back our life. They didn't say tanks for the job, they said that's what they've done all their life and obama just came in and closed it up.

I don't save biden because I don't think he knows what the hell is happening. You shouldn't have done that to minnesota, he will say where's minnesota? I don't know what minnesota is.

Where's that, please. How many times has be -- has he been up in a speech where he will say the wrong statement? He will get up, it's great to be and the wonderful state of ohio. Sir, sir, you are in florida.

That's the bad one. When you see palm trees, wonderful to be in ohio. Or, I love being with the people from iowa.

Sir, you are in idaho. And he always gets new hampshire mixed up with vermont. But all the time he does that. I haven't done it yet. If I do, I'm leaving because years no way you can save it. -- there's no way you can save it.

We recently issued a directive protecting workers on the iron range from unfair job killing regulations and frivolous litigation in addition to everything else. We started construction on the sioux lock. Big deal.

That's been deteriorating for many years. Just about gone. We are rebuilding it. That's a big deal for your sake and for others. So that the iron ore can quickly get to market. Our minors are back on the job and wages have increased by as much as 50% and they are doing great even during the China plague, they are doing great.

And the China plague will fade but we will not forget. [applause] but if biden wins, the iron range will be shut down forever. You know that. He will shut it down very early on. I took a lot of heat I doing that. I took a lot of heat from the so-called environmentalists.

Some are environmentalists in a big sense -- we just signed the other day, cory gardner, great senators, and we signed a bill that is going to really be something incredible from an environmental standpoint, the biggest we've ever signed, they say, other than teddy roosevelt, it goes back to teddy roosevelt. I said why isn't it bigger? We also did something tremendous for utah.

Thousands and thousands of acres. We opened it up. I said why isn't it bigger than teddy roosevelt? I want egger. Otherwise I'm not signing it.

They said sir, he did the grand canyon and other things. The grand canyon is big. Do we agree? Even for mike lindell, the grand canyon -- even mike would admit the grand canyon is tough to beat, right?

Anyway, we signed it and it's one of the biggest. They say the biggest thing environmentally done since teddy roosevelt. That's a long time ago.

We achieved together. And what we are doing together is nothing short of an economic miracle. Now we are doing it again. We did it.

We built the greatest economy in history of the world but now I have to do it again. [cheering and applause] you know what that is? That's right. That's God testing me.

You did it once. I said that I do a great job, God? You shouldn't say, now you have to do it again. I said ok, I agree. You got me. But I did it once and now I'm doing it again and you see the kind of numbers we are putting up.

They are unbelievable. Best job numbers ever. More jobs in the last three months and ever before. Best retail sales in history. [applause] best car sales.

Did you see where the car sales are actually above what they were? Did you see the manufacturing -- remember you are not going to have manufacturing back? You needed a magic wand for manufacturing. We got the magic wand because the manufacturing numbers are through the roof.

Your state last year had the best year it ever had. Best year ever had. Now you are going to have something that is even better.

I just want to tell you we are going to do it again. By the way, third-quarter numbers come out and interestingly, they will come out just before november 1 and we are going to see how I did, but I think you are going to have a great recorder. People are starting to predict it, much to their chagrin, right? Much to their chagrin. Just like cnn, he's up 10 points.

They all said 10 points? First of all, the first poll was rigged and wrong. It was a rigged poll. Just like they want to try to rig the election with all these mail-in ballots.

Let's send out 62 million ballots. [booing] some people say you shouldn't talk -- I got to talk about it because absentee ballots are good. You send for the ballots, you are not going to be in your state and you get it back and send it back in and it's a process, you have to work for little bit.

But these ballots, they want to send them out in some states. They want to send them out and they want to just have millions of ballots. They said oh, we drop them in a lockbox. I just saw the great thing about air force one -- there's no lack of television. You have television on the ceilings, the closets come on the floors, no matter where you go, there's a television.

You open the closet, there's a television. Too much trump -- I try and get away and you put yourself in a closet. But they have a lot of stuff and they showed this person getting on fox -- you know fox now puts on more Democrat just about then they do Republican. They have certainly changed a lot.

Fox has changed a lot. They are probably turning off right now as I speak -- I don't care. I tell the truth. One of the biggest differences between this year and four years ago is fox. Fox is like from a different planet. And too bad.

And you know it's going to happen if we don't win? They are going to go down the tubes along with every other media outlet. They will all be bused, they will all be gone.

Nobody's going to want to cover sleepy joe. [applause] they will end up with one very boring socialist country that will go to hell. But when you look at it and when you look at what's happening, that is why we have to win this election and if we don't win this election, every one of you, me, all of us, it will never be the country -- I don't think the country can ever come back to it.

I used to use venezuela a lot. I don't know if I really fully believed it, but we would indeed -- when I look at these maniacs and portland comedies anarchists in portland, when I look at these people, that's what they want for the rest of the country. They want to defend their police, they want to terminate their police. You know something about that.

You have had your little stance where -- did they actually -- they are actually terminating the police department, right? They are not even talking about it. They are terminating the police department.

These people are crazy. By the way, when I send in the national guard, that's what it all stopped and I kept calling. [applause] I kept calling and saying send in the national guard, send in the national guard, they should have done it a lot sooner.

[applause] right? [applause] that was a beautiful -- I just stop someplace else and I said to me it was a beautiful sight. They were writing all over, full of them into vigor and they thought nobody was going to stop them. The police department is very good but they were told you can't do anything. They have to be able to do what they do very well.

So they were told they couldn't do anything and the city was ablaze, it was ablaze, I will never forget henry -- right now I wish I had a shaved head. Instead of the wind. But he's standing there -- he standing there -- things seem quite calm right now.

And behind him, they have the entire city, it looks like it's burning down for blocks. He's standing there talking because the fake news doesn't report the truth and they don't talk about how serious it is and how bad it is, but remember this, it's only a small part of our country, it's not a big part, very small, but they don't report the facts because they don't want to report those facts because those facts are very bad for joe biden and for the radical left and they want them to win for whatever reason, I don't know, because they will all lose their networks, they will all lose their wealth, everything will be gone, but they will figure it out someday, but we are not going to let them have that chance as much as in many ways they should not be rewarded, they are going to be rewarded if I win because our country is only going up in one direction. So that's the way it is. [applause] to fight the China virus, we've enacted the largest financial relief package in American history. Through the paycheck protection plan, we saved one million minnesota jobs. We've also delivered nearly $5 billion in economic relief straight to minnesota families.

You know that? A capital going and would like to do it again except the Democrat, all they want is $1 trillion, one trillion, they are not interested in the people, they are not interested in the postal dashed in the post office, it's all a ruse, it's all a con. They are only interested in getting a trillion dollars, you guys know that. Getting a trillion dollars for states that are badly run blue states, very badly run by governors and mayors like new york, illinois, california, I won't name anymore because it's to be honest, -- he's going minnesota?

I don't like -- you do have some issues, I will say that. Of all places, I would be very surprised, I was very surprised, unlike sleepy joe biden, our approach to the pandemic is based on science, not left-wing ideology. Slow joe opposed the travel ban on China that I instituted. He came out -- it's xenophobic.

I said what does that mean joe? Or member he came out and he called me all sorts of things -- a racist and everything and he said I was right. I was early, way, way early. We would have lost hundreds of thousands of additional lives in that is much agreed by everybody. Then I put the ban on Europe coming in because they were ahead of us and when I looked at italy and when I looked at france and spain, I said we've got to put it on and a lot of people didn't want that. They said we were right about that and then we started getting into the manufacturing business with the ventilators and all the meant and what we did is incredible.

The governors were not prepared. We made a lot of governors look good by supplying massive amounts of equipment, not one person in this country -- we didn't have very many ventilators at all. Way undersupplied. Not one person then this country that needed a ventilator didn't get the ventilator, so every single person that needed one got one. [applause] which is pretty amazing. We have a big country with a lot of diversity, a lot of different states, and now we are making thousands of ventilators a month and we are supplying them to the rest of the world because they are not equipped to make a ventilator.

It's very complex, very expensive, we are making thousands a month, we have all he can use. Now biden wants to lock all americans in their basements for months on end, which would inflict permanent, irreversible harm on our nations children, families, health and economy. By contrast, my administration is following data-driven and science-based approaches that apply to common sense mitigation, aggressively sheltering those at greatest risk, our seniors, we have to shelter them, and delivers effective medical treatments to save thousands and thousands of lives and when you look at the rest of the world, you know we are trying to say we weren't doing now -- all of a sudden a lot of the places they were using to hold up, they are having a big surge, they are -- and I don't want that, I don't want that, but they were holding up names of countries and now they are saying whips -- even new zealand, you see what's going on in new zealand, they beat it, they beat it, it was like front page, they beat it because they wanted to show me something. The problem is big surge in new zealand. It's terrible. We don't want that.

But this is an invisible enemy that should have never been let to come to this country, Europe, or the rest of the world by China. Just remember it. [applause] that's right. The fatality rate for americans over 70 has declined by 85% since april. We have learned, we know, we have some great things now, too. Europe, by contrast has experienced a 40% higher rate of excess mortality than the United States.

Think about that. You don't hear those stories. They don't tell you that, tom, do you? You don't hear that in Congress. We launched the largest mobilization of American goods since the world war ii.

Think of it, since world war ii. This is the largest mobilization since world war ii, creating the most advanced testing system in the world, producing thousands of ventilators and launching operation warp speed to deliver and distribute a vaccine before the end of that year and record time. We are at a very, very close point to the vaccine and therapeutics and therapeutics to me are more important right now.

You go into the hospital, whether it's a transfusion or whether it's a shot, and you feel better two days later, three days later, that would be a great thing and we are very close, we have great, great companies working on it because we will defeat the China virus. We are going to be stronger than we were, next year is going to be record-setting numbers and you see that when you look at the v. [applause] and though the is turning out to be true. I was saying a v and every but he saying a v is impossible, but it is beyond of the, it is a super v based on the numbers we have now, so we will see what happens and we will like to give additional money. It wasn't their fault they got hit by China, but you know what? We want to give them additional money and we will take care of the post office and has been a disaster for many decades.

We want to strengthen the post office, make it good. It lost 78 billion dollars over a relatively short number of years. $78 billion. I want to strengthen the post office and we can do it so that if you look, amazon and all these companies that now do it's a whole new business, they just drop a lot of it right into the post office and we lose two and three dollars every time we deliver a package. What's that all about? And he gets richer and they get richer, how smart is that?

For every package they deliver, it is two dollars, three dollars a package, so why aren't they raising the prices to amazon and these companies that are making all this money? [applause] instead, we pay for it and they always seem to open their distribution facilities right next to a post office so they take a lot of the goods they can't distribute because the post office is much bigger than those companies. You wouldn't think it, but much, much bigger and they go to areas of minnesota and other states that you can't reach or will never reach and they just dumped thousands of packages into the post office and they say good luck, here is your two dollars. Here's your one dollar. Here's your $.52. We've got to do that, so that's my opinion, what do I know about delivery?

What do I know? That's my opinion. That's a new business, but we are being taken advantage of by all of those companies and they should pay, not the people. My administration also understands that economic health is vital to public health. Over the past three months, we have gained 9 million jobs nationwide, which is a new record. Retail spending has fully recovered and is now at an all-time high.

We have more retail spending now than we did before the plague came in from China. Auto production surged 28%. Joe biden would crush this unprecedented economic recovery.

During his 47 years in washington's -- think of that 47 years. This is really amazing. For 47 years, he did nothing and now he's telling everyone how he's going to make it wonderful, right? It doesn't work that way. He's not exactly prime time. Joe biden has supported every globalist attack on the American worker.

Nafta, which was a disaster, tpp, the horrible korea deal, south China's entry into the world trade organization might have been the worst of them all. It created China. Now biden is running on the most extreme far left agenda ever put forward by a major party.

Biden's joint manifesto -- we call it a manifesto with bernie sanders, crazy bernie, would raise taxes and increase regulations at an unprecedented rate. He will kill the stock market, he will kill everything we are talking about today. He would also abolish immigration enforcement, abolish bail, abolish the suburbs, abolish effective policing, abolish American energy, and abolish the American way of life, otherwise he would do quite a good job, I think. [laughter] he raised his hand and pledged to give free health care to illegal aliens, ok? A lot of you people, when -- you don't get free health care. But he wants to give it, he wants to give lawyers, lawyers free legal assistance to people who come to our country illegally.

And his vice presidential candidate biden picked, come -- kamala harris, she's a beauty. Who cosponsored a $32 trillion socialist takeover of health care and our country because our country would be ruined, destroyed. And think of this -- 33 and health care and $93 trillion on the socialist green new deal, which doesn't work. It's like written by a child. It's written by a child.

A foolish child. [applause] it's written by a foolish child. I have a very different vision for America's future and you've got to see it before the plague, but you're seeing it again right now even more so. It starts with creating 10 million jobs in the next 10 months and that is what is happening. Over the next four years, we will cut even more taxes, substantially, and regulations.

That's why people are pouring into our country to open up factories, they are bringing them back to minnesota and everyplace else. [applause] in michigan, we have auto plants opening up left and right and expanding. They haven't seen that in 42 years. We will end our reliance on China, we will make our critical drugs and supplies right here in the United States. [cheering and applause] and when you see the drug companies, they are very rich, very sophisticated. When you see them taking ads against donald trump, those ads are for one reason, because I'm bringing your drug prices way down.

I instituted a favored nations clause, so if Germany or any place in the world is getting their drugs for less, which they do, tiny fraction of what we pay, they have to meet those prices. So instead of saying -- somebody should have done this, obama, biden, anybody should have done, other presidents should have done this. Our drug prices are many times higher, many, many times. In canada, the price is half and better than that and I gave florida, ron desantis, great governor, gave him the right to buy his drugs directly from canada.

He's going to save half. Right now, you can't do that. I gave him and I gave another state, colorado, the authority, if they want, they can go by prior to the favored nations kicking in. At the favored nations clause could reduce drugs by 50 boost -- 50, 60, 70, even 80%. Think of that one. And I'm the only President In 51 years -- last year, drug prices came down, but that was peanut stuff compared to what I'm talking about.

When you see those ads, if you don't mind, and you see the drug companies hitting me, you will say thank you, President Trump for reducing drug prices. [applause] I guarantee you if they were going up, they would not be taking ads, make sense, I guess. I hope people understand that because they are spending a lot of money.

I did something that was unthinkable. Check out the words favored nation. Check out the word rebate because now I take the rebate to the people and I take the rebate to reduce the prices. They took the rebate and went to a middleman. The middleman -- I never heard the term middle woman, but I guess that too.

The middleman got all this money. Nobody knows who they are, the middleman, you always hear it, they made more money than the drug companies, at least the drug companies made product. But the middleman is not liking donald trump too much. I probably have a lot of friends that are middleman, I don't even know, have beautiful homes, I wonder where they made their money, they are very wealthy but they are not so wealthy anymore.

We are getting the rebates, we are keeping the money for our people. We will create tax credits for companies that bring jobs from China back to America. We will impose tariffs on companies that leave America to reduce jobs overseas. One of the things in the usmca it was very important -- I don't want our companies going to mexico, going to canada anymore. I watch that.

I was man of the year 11 years ago in michigan. I don't know why, but they picked me. That was long before I thought in terms of running. Are we glad I ran? [cheering and applause] that was long before I thought about this, mike. I was in michigan, very nice, man of the year, that was great.

I said they are taking your car companies and moving them all to mexico. 32% of our cars are made in mexico. How crazy. That's the way it happens.

But I said the most important deal in the usmca come I don't want anybody moving to mexico, firing their people, moving there, making a car, selling it in for no taxes. I don't want that anymore, can't happened and it's not going to happen. They are such a huge economic disincentive to do that. We will strip federal contacts -- federal contracts, we are going to strip it come with the help of minnesota workers, we will be the premier pharmaceutical and medical manufacturer anywhere in the world and you see it already. The drug companies are starting to give up.

[applause] I tell you, if for some reason, the other side has to have a victory on november 3, forget everything I said. It will all be made in China, it will all be made in other countries like vietnam and other places. You can just forget everything I said because they are typical politicians but radical left-wing.

They will go right back to it but even more so. To protect our families and workers during the China pandemic, I sealed our border against illegal immigration and suspended the entry of foreign workers who threatened American jobs and yet if you are a farmer, a factory owner and you had people coming in for years, we made it easier for those people to keep coming in. I can't shut them off, you would have to close up your business.

Joe biden, on the other hand, has pledged to allow virtually unlimited immigration during a global pandemic, spreading the virus, overwhelming our health care system, and displacing millions of American jobseekers. The biden plan would institute catch and release -- I got rid of it -- along the entire southwest border. This is where you catch perhaps a murderer, perhaps a rapist, you catch somebody, you take their number, and you release them. You say please show up to court in three years.

Nobody shows up. 1% show up, you know who the 1% are? The ones that aren't very smart. They are the ones who show up.

They are the only ones who show up. So we built almost 300 miles of border wall and we are adding 10 new miles each week. [applause] and if we didn't have that, we would be in trouble because sadly I think the President Of mexico is a friend of mine, he's a great guy, like you, but I said to him, you know, we have to do this and in the meantime, you have to give us a lot of troops along our border because we are paying you a lot of money with your cars. Otherwise I'm going to have to tariff and he said no, no, no, we will give you troops. Have 27 thousand mexican soldiers on our southern border, nobody is coming through in less want them to. We have to come in legally into our country on the southern border and elsewhere.

[applause] we have 27,000 troops -- you didn't even know that, tom. 27,000. Furthermore, joe biden is pledged to increase refugee settlement by not a bad number -- 700%. That's in the manifesto.

He would overwhelm minnesota with refugees from terror hotspots, depleting public services, earning schools and straining city budgets. You already know about the hotspots. You know about it. You are having plenty of problems in minnesota. But I'm going to be so politically correct, I'm not going to say a thing.

But I know all about your hotspots, you've got some hotspots. Very unfair to minnesota, I will tell you that. And I will tell you if I don't win minnesota, I'm never going to do it if I run for a third or fourth term.

I will never be back, I've given up. I almost won last time -- one more speech, -- I almost won. I went to michigan, I had a choice and I shouldn't tell you this, but we won michigan.

One more speech, it was so close, and if I don't win it this time, I'm not coming back ever. Not for term 3, 4, five or six. Under my administration, we dramatically reduce refugee resettlement and we have suspended refugee resettlement during the pandemic.

We've totally suspended it. Luckily we have the wall, we are up to 300 miles, almost. If we didn't have that wall, we would be inundated with people. We are helping, we sent them a lot of ventilators and other equipment, but mexico is being overwhelmed and we would really have a problem.

We completely reformed refugee policy. We've instituted rigorous national security checks, we have protected religious minorities, we've shifted refugee admissions away from terror-afflicted nations like Syria and somalia. [applause] they say we don't have, we do have, they just don't want to say it. We have a ban on people coming into our country illegally.

We have a and on countries because we want people to come into our country who love our country, who can love our country, who respect our country, and who are going to come in on merit, merit, merit. [applause] which is the exact opposite of what was happening. Many of them hated our country and did not coming on merit. All they do is complain.

Do you know anybody like that? Does anybody know anybody like that? One of your colleagues, you call her a colleague -- all she does is complain, I won't mention a name because you will never guess it.

Complains, complains, complains. I don't like that. I don't like it. All she does is complain. Not good enough. Oh really?

Tell us about it. To protect our security, my administration instituted a travel ban on the world's most dangerous regions. Biden has pledged to immediately and this travel ban and allow unlimited migration from terror zones including Syria, somalia, libya, Iran, and yemen. Trouble. Trouble.

I also kept the promise I made to minnesota four years ago. I signed an executive order requiring state and local consent before any refugees are admitted. Biden would immediately shred that executive order, overriding local communities like yours.

Did you know I signed that? You have to give approval now. A little different than the old days, isn't it? A little bit different.

The old days was a lot different. I signed that approval, they have to go through a process and you have to approve it. Why should we send everybody up to minnesota or anyplace else? In recent weeks, Democrat-controlled cities have shown that Democrat plan and what they plan for America. In minneapolis, 700 buildings were burned, damage, or destroyed, causing more than $1 billion -- I just left incredible people, we were on a runway like this and I introduced them. Their businesses were burned down, gone.

They don't know what they are going to do, but we are going to try helping them and get them rebuilt. Find groups of people that were just incredible people, successful, wonderful people. Their stores and businesses were burned down, destroyed. Dozens of business owners have announced they are considering moving hundreds of jobs out of Democrat-run minneapolis. You know that.

You know that. Criminals are terrorizing civilians in chicago, portland, and now, new york city. This radical left mayor de blasio has let our beautiful diamond -- I loved it, I loved it four years ago, I could see there were problems. He was there, but I loved it, it was wonderful. Four years ago, I left it and over the last years, especially over the last six months, crime has gone up hundreds of percentage points, hundreds.

273 points, 368 points, numbers you wouldn't believe. We are talking about shootings, murders, you saw what happen this weekend. You saw that, jason. Terrible. My city, I love that city.

It has great potential. We are going to do something, we are going to do something strong. They just let it go to hell and I don't know, is it because they are bad people are have no common sense or just don't know what they are doing, but our beautiful diamond of this country has been let go to hell. Top Democrat have demanded the defunding of police departments. Biden referred to the police as the enemy.

That's what it is -- look, he's not going to control the situation. He's dealing with how about the congresswoman I watched over the weekend, right, saying I have total control over biden, he will do anything I say. I have total control. What she says as I have total control over this jerk, he will do whatever the hell I want. That's putting it in more common language. But she said it just as mean.

You know who I'm talking about, you saw that. What a horrible statement to make. And frankly, kamala, nobody treated joe biden worse than kamala. He was called a racist and just about everything else under the book and then all of a sudden, she says he such a fine man. Nobody treated him, including pocahontas, nobody on the debate stage, nobody treated joe biden worse then kamala harris. She's got some big issues.

Congresswoman ilhan omar -- [booing] how the hell did she win the primary? What the hell happened, lacey? It's jason's fault. How the hell did she win? This woman is crazy. She's a horrible woman who hates our country.

Mail-in voting, right? Let's check the mail and votes. Seriously, how does a woman who hates our country who says nothing but bad things about our country and israel and other of our allies, how does this woman win? Where are the people that would vote for her? Omar called the minneapolis police a cancer and said they were rotten to the root. But joe biden did not condemn the comments.

He didn't want to talk about it, he did not disavow her endorsement, he displays it proudly on his website. This is what is going to be running the country. This is the biggest change between now and crooked hillary. Crooked hillary was bad news, right?

She said will you accept the results of the election? Will you accept the results of this election? And I sort of said maybe, you know?

But she did not accept them. Will you -- I remember that question. Probably the toughest question I had out of all of them. But she has not been exactly a gracious loser. She's a loser but not a gracious one. [applause] if joe biden and the radical dems take power, they will pass legislation gutting every single police department in America.

That's going to happen. The biden-bernie manifesto calls for appointing far-left prosecutors, judges, and justices of the United States supreme court. Look -- we have a big thing with the court. The next President Has a chance to do 3, 4, could even be five. You want to change this country around, it will be irreversible.

It will be irreversible. And they will coddle criminals and punish law-abiding citizens, these judges will. They will take away your guns while letting criminal gangs like ms 13 room free. Your second amendment -- it was under siege, but not really, because they -- they didn't have -- they played the game, they had no chance. When I'm here, they have no chance.

Your second amendment is cherished. You need your second amendment. They will either take it away or obliterated. [applause] into meaningless nothing. In joe biden's America, the protections of American citizenship will be stripped away and your community will be left at the mercy of the mob.

I'm saying these things, but I mean them. When I look at what happened in minneapolis, when you look at what is going on in different cities that are just unbelievable cities, remember this -- most of the country is very sane. In fact, crime stats outside of chicago, new york, couple of them, crime stats are at record lows. Our country is even during the pandemic, we are doing well, but where they are run by the liberal Democrat, we are not doing well and we have to get in. They have to ask us, we had to be asked, here, they have to ask us, unless we take a very severe action, which ideally, you don't want to take.

Every time we go in, we solve the problem and solve it quickly. Seattle, look at what is going on with seattle. This is a city, this is a real city and they took over a large portion of that city and they knew we were going in, the following day, they knew it, so they sent their police in and it was like nobody ever gave up so easily as those characters. But they are radical left anarchists.

Whether you are registered as a Democrat, independent, or Republican, I'm asking for the vote of every American who believes police officers are not enemies, but heroes who keep us safe. [cheering and applause] I also want to send our special thanks to the members of the minnesota national guard who did such an incredible job. Stopping the rioting, violence, mayhem in minneapolis. They were great. They were great. I love it.

I love that, it's just a beautiful thing, the way it supposed to work. They cause problems, you have to do it and the sooner you do it, the easier it is to do. My administration has made clear to every mayor and governor in the country that the federal government is ready to send the national guard and federal reinforcements.

We will wipe out the problem within minutes, you sought happening right here. You wouldn't have a city if we didn't demand that take place. You wouldn't have a city.

All you have to do is say the word, every voter should ask themselves a simple question, do you want the radical left policies of chicago, minneapolis, san francisco imposed on the entire country? Look at nancy pelosi. San francisco is going to hell and she's in Congress saying what she should be doing. Look at the homeless problem in san francisco.

Look at what's happening in san francisco and she's telling us about the post office. She has no clue and I must tell you this, does she love our country? Does she love our country? I don't think so, to be honest with you. What she has done is a disgrace.

Crying chuck. He cries whenever it's important to cry. Do you want the failed policy of mayor bill de blasio?

Or mayor of chicago? Or mayor jacob frey? Brought to every city and town in this nation?

If left-wing Democrat can't run a city, why on earth would you let them run our country? We have such incredibly run cities. Such incredibly run cities. [applause] the problems we have are the radical left and now she wants $1 trillion and she's holding it up using a phony excuse of the post office because she wants a trillion dollars to go and you guys all know this -- she wants $1 trillion to go to these badly run Democrat cities and states. That's what she wants and she is using the post office. We want to fix the post office to make it better.

It should have been fixed 30 years ago. Over the next four years, we are going to implement an aggressive strategy to fight violent crime -- it has already been implemented and we will expand the surge of federal law enforcement's into crime plagued cities and we can do that at will. We just have to hear from you governor cuomo. Let us know. We are ready, willing, and able.

We will hire more tough violent crime prosecutors. We will hire more police. We will dismantle violent left-wing extremist groups like antifa. They don't even want to say the name -- like antifa.

We will pass new laws to prosecute drive-by's shootings in an act of domestic terrorism. They will suffer greatly. We will fight for a nation in which every American child is safe on our streets and every American family is secure in their homes and in which all of the American people are confident in our destiny.

But to achieve this vision, we must finish the job and drain the washington swamp once and for all. [cheering and applause] and get jason in there, please, jason lewis, get him in. Jason, you've got to win. Jason lewis, jason lewis.

[applause] got to win, jason. You are certainly against a weak opponent. You've got to win. For years, left-wing politicians like joe biden talked about supporting American workers.

Then they got elected and gave away your jobs, shipped away your factories, and they sold off your dreams, you're beautiful, beautiful American dreams, they sold them off to the highest bidder. But under this administration, those days are over. Now, you have a President Who is fighting for you.

[applause] over the next four years, we will fully restore America's manufacturing independence. We will again rebuild the greatest economy in history. It's happening very fast, you can see it very soon and lift it to more incredible heights and what we had last year. You had the greatest year in the history of your state last year. We will revitalize police departments and reclaim our cities for law-abiding americans. We will protect religious liberty, defend the lives of our beautiful unborn children, appoint conservative judges, uphold free speech on college campuses, and take on the second amendment, the right to keep and bear arms.

[cheering and applause] we will ensure American dominance in space and in military and pave the way to becoming a first nation to plant its flag on mars. We are working on that and we are doing very well. When I took over nasa, it was dead, it was gone, there was grass growing on the runways. Grass through the crevices on the runway, it was terrible. Now it's the most vital space program anywhere in the world.

Not only the jobs come but the importance of it and the psychology of it and by the way, and we created Space Force. Think of that, another one of many, many things. First time in 78 years. Last one was the air force, right? Space Force, that's a big deal. If a President Did that, they would have achieved something.

We did that and we did hundreds of other things. We will teach our children to love our country and honor our history and respect our great American flag. [cheering and applause] we will never waver in defense of our families come our values, our faith, our jobs, our borders, our rights or our freedom. Together, we will unite citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed as one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. [cheering and applause] I want to thank you. You are incredible people, minnesota.

Thank you very much. I will be back, november 3, we have to win, God bless you, God bless the great state of minnesota, God bless America. Thank you all very much.