ID: CSPANDT109202057
Title: President Trump Remarks in Freeland, Michigan
Date: 2020-09-10

we brought you a lot of car plants, michigan. He brought you a lot of car plants. You know that, right? [applause] a long time since you have had all of these plants being built, but we brought you a lot over the last 3.5 years, and we will bring you a lot more. [applause] hello, michigan, and I am thrilled to be in freeland with loyal, hard-working patriots. 54 days from now we will win michigan and we will win four more years in the white House.

This is the most important election in the history of our country. [applause] joe biden devoted his career to off showing -- off shoring michigan's jobs. We should not be smiling about it, but we have changed it around. Outsourcing michigan's factories, throwing open your borders, dragging us into endless foreign wars and surrendering our children's future to China and other faraway lands. [booing] biden supported every disastrous globalist a lot, including nafta, China, and tpp.

Joe biden surrendered your jobs to China and alki wants to surrender your country to the violent left-wing mob, and you are seeing that every night. [booing] if biden wins, China wins. If biden wins, the mobs win. If biden wins, the writers, anarchists, arsonists, and flag burners when. But I would not worry about that, because he is not winning.

I do not think so. [applause] [chanting u.s.a.] this is not the crowd of a person who comes in second place. You do know that. [applause] the same thing happened four years ago. It was election eve, but by the time I got here, it was late.

At 1:00 in the morning, no election day. We had 32,000 people show up, and the reason that I went is that I heard crooked hillary clinton, bill clinton, edelbrock -- barack hussein obama were traveling to michigan because they heard they had problems. They did such a lousy job, that they had to come and get some boats -- votes.

They said sir, could you do it? We landed at 12:00 in the evening. I started speaking at 1:00 in the morning, no election day. 32,000 people. She had a 500 people. I said why are we going to lose michigan?

And we did not. [applause] first time in a long time, but now we are up in the polls. We just saw polls.

We are up in michigan. I do not know if that is good or bad. [applause] I do not know.

I do not know if that is good or bad. In all of those polls we were down last time, we one. Maybe we ought to be down a little bit. Hello, john james. I see you, handsome guy.

Get out and vote for john. I will introduce you in a second, john james. What a job you have done. He took -- I saw these group of people.

Three very rich people, and one guy that was john james, and I saw them all. Right, I saw them all and said, wait, with the wonderful invention of tebow. They are great. You can play it back. I said who was that? I said, play it back.

That man is going to be a star. It was john james. [applause] and that was in the Republican primary, and after learning about his incredible career and helicopter and she is actually a great flyer -- he is actually a great flyer, a great one, as opposed to those who are not so good.

His incredible background and education, west point at all of the things he did. This guy, I endorsed him, and he went like a rocket ship. If he had a little more support, key would have won the last time, and I hear you may be ahead. [applause] and he is a great guy. I will introduce him in a second. I am running for reelection to keep jobs in michigan, and we have done a lot -- last year before the China plague came in.

We have the China plague. Thank you, China, very much. They should have never, ever let it happen. They stopped him from going into China, but they did not stop it from coming out here and coming into the u.s.

And Europe and the rest of the world, 188 countries , but it is what it is. We are not happy about it, and we are going to remember it. We had in michigan and in the country the greatest economy in the history of the world. There has never been an economy. [applause] and now we are building it again, and it is being built fast. It is turning out to be a super v, no more the.

But to put violent criminals behind bars and to assure the future belongs to America, not to China. Because if we win, America wins. That is what it is about.

If we win, America wins. [applause] not only does joe biden want to eliminate your jobs. He wants to eliminate your borders. He has promised to flood your state with refugees, and you know that as well as I do and you see it all the time from terrorist hotspots around the world including Syria, somalia, and yemen.

Biden has pledged to have eight 700% increase -- he made this deal with crazy bernie, a 700 percent increase in the flow of refugees. He wants to lift it up by 700%. This is in their manifesto. She has also pledged to terminate all national -- he has also pledged to terminate all national security -- from jihadist regions. Making matters worse, she would open the floodgates in the middle of a pandemic. The wall, it is over 311 million miles along right now.

[applause] [chanting build that wall] biden is waging war against the American middle class. I think most of you are not middle class. You are upper-class. You are the elite. You know the way they talk about the elite. I see them.

They are not elite. You are the elite. [applause] boy have we heard the elite. You are the super elite. The left wants to get rid of me so they can come after you. It is very simple.

Over the last three point five years, we have secured America's borders, block the entry of foreign terrorists, fixed our disastrous trade deals, and we have fixed our trade deals good. They are good. [applause] in fact, biden was interviewed today. There they are, at cnn. [booing] he was just interviewed today. He was interviewed by jake tapper.

A nice guy, I do not think he likes me too much. He was interviewed on cnn and says which is better, nafta, or the usmca, and tapper goes what? Could not believe it. He made a mistake from his perspective, because he does not what is -- does not know what is going on. They were a little surprised to hear that. They gave him a few chances.

Let's ask that question again. We brought back our manufacturing jobs. We rebuilt the awesome power of the u.s. Military.

We obliterated -- [applause] we obliterated the ISIS caliphate and to build the greatest economy and the history of the world, and now we are doing it again bigger and better than ever before. [applause] before the end of the year, we will have a safe and effective vaccine and we will defeat the China virus. I have a feeling, by the way, I think the vaccine will come very soon. And with it or without it, we are rounding the turn.

You see what is happening. The numbers are plunging. You see how good we are doing relative to other countries and other parts of the world, but the fake news does not like saying that.

They do not like telling you that. And next year, unless you have someone who will quadruple your taxes, raise your taxes, raise up all of those regulations we have cut, next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our country. [applause] at no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties, two visions, two philosophies, and two agendas for the future. There has never been a vision like this.

You have sleepy joe and you have trump. Sleepy joe, she is a beauty. She is a beauty -- he is a beauty. [applause] I watched the democratic debate, right. I washed them up there, and he is so bad, I said there is no way he makes it.

The first lady came in and she is a nice person. Me, I do it differently, but she looked and she watch the debate and she watched joe and she said, darling, it is so sad. I did this is the guy I am running against. But we got 'em.

Jill biden has put forward the most extreme platform. And it is not him. He doesn't know what platform. It is radical left people, aoc plus three, bernie, kamala, the most liberal person in the u.s.

Senate. [crowd booing] she started off her poll numbers at 15, 14, 12, 12, back up to 12.5, then a big lunch right down to the bottom. Then she dropped out.

-- then a big drop right down to the bottom. Then she dropped out. She dropped out.

There's never been anything like this. No major party ever had a candidate that is so extreme in his views. He took the manifesto drawn up by bernie and the super libs and that is what he was going by, including a massive increasing taxes -- total assault on your second amendment -- increase in your taxes and a total assault on your second amendment.

On november 3, michigan, you better vote for me. I got you so many car plants. I will be so angry at you. I got you a lot of plants.

Is that right? Have you seen what we are doing here, all the plants that have been built are being built? And what about the plants being expanded? They don't want to give you credit for that.

They are being expended -- they are being expanded. And would to prime minister eva japan, great guy, he will be retiring soon, great guy come the premise tryptophan, a, I say you have to do me a favor -- the prime minister of japan, great guy, I said do me a favor, we stupidly don't charge you tariffs on those scars that flow into our country. I said, shinzo, you have to give us plants. Then he said no, I can't do that, that is up to the free enterprise system of japan. I can't do it. The next day, they announced five car companies are coming to michigan.

[applause] and you hadn't had a plant built. Now they have been building them for a number of years, but you hadn't had a plant built in 42 years. You know, they were the old plants.

And it has been amazing what has happened in michigan, but honestly, it is amazing what has happened in ohio and north carolina and south carolina and florida, new hampshire, so many other places. Our country is doing great. We had to take a pause to get rid of the China virus.

We got rid of, we are getting rid of, we are coming around, we are coming around that turn, I'm telling you, you watch, next year, better than last year. It is going to be better. [applause] michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity, or whether we will allow sleepy joe to impose $4 trillion in tax hikes, confiscate your guns, shut down the economy and tell your economy to open up -- and tell your governor to open up your states.

[applause] you know, it is all Democrat governors and they think they do it -- and I think they do it for political reasons. There would be less activity. You would be better if you had a governor noem what the hell -- had a governor who knew what the hell what she was doing.

And also, you have to have a governor, because right now michigan is lagging, great football, great coach, great team. We want to governor, john james, who is going to let michigan play big ten football this year. [applause] you have been seeing a lot of the other schools want to open, big 10, at my suggestion. How about sleepy joe? He said, donald trump is against football. No, I'm the one who says open it up, let's play football.

These people practice disinformation like nobody has ever practiced it. They are liars. They live. But we have a good chance you have a very good commissioner. The commissioners working very hard and hopefully very soon they will say, you are going to play football. And I hope they are not leaving michigan out.

It is never the same when they do. But you have maryland, where they have a problem in terms of playing. At the governors have a lot of power over that. Have a lot of power. A lot of say. So let's play big ten football, right?

[applause] they want to shut down auto production, delay the vaccine, destroy your suburbs, look at what I have done for your suburbs. You know what I have done. You know what I have done. This anybody want to have somebody from antifa as a member and as a resident of your suburb?

I don't think so. [crowd booing] darling, who moved in next door? Oh, a resident of antifa. No thank you. Let's get out of here. Let's get the hell out of here, darling, let's leave our suburbs.

I was trump were president. He wouldn't allow that to happen. And that's exactly right.

I want allow that to happen. [applause] the suburbs are the American dream, and I will tell you, I have protected your suburbs. You know, I got rid of a regulation that played with their zoning and played with other things where they forced projects and other things into the great suburbs of our country, and I got rid of it they said, sir, we can amend it. And I said, I want to get rid of it. Sir, why don't we do a simple amendment?

I set it want to get rid of it. End it. And we ended it.

The people living in the suburbs, which I know very well, I watched westchester in new york, where they were doing things that never should have been done, and it is knuckling to happen to our suburbs. They want to erase you, voters, and indoctrinate your children with poisonous, anti-American lies in our schools. Not going to happen. [crowd booing] not going to happen. For the last four years, they tried everything to stop us and they are only getting more desperate by the day.

Can you imagine if, on september 3, they say, ladies and gentlemen, donald trump has been declared the winner? Donald trump has been declared the winner. [applause] at first, they will go crazy. And then, they will say, it is time now to be reasonable. They will have had it.

They will have had it. You know, we were coming together as a nation. Very interesting. Before the plague came from China, we were coming together.

There was a success pizza but he said, what is going to bring you together? And it was. I was starting to get calls from Democrat that, frankly, we didn't speak much. I was getting calls and all of a sudden we saw the plague more in -- leg poor -- plague pour in and we somewhat was happening and we were getting close to getting us all close together and then we had to say, take a timeout, we have to fix this mess. And we did and we are coming back strong. But success brings us together, and it was happening.

And then we got that terrible situation happen, and we will never forget it. Biden and his party tried to lock law-abiding americans into their homes while they encouraged rioters and vandals, rampaging through, in all cases, Democrat-run cities. You know, Republican-run cities are doing very well. I hope you know that. And I hope you know, like in minneapolis, we were asked to come in.

We went in. Took care of that problem in about 30 minutes. Unfortunately, they let almost two weeks go by.

And if you look at what we just did in wisconsin, which was so amazing, three days, we went in, and by the way, the u.s. Marshals went into get the killer, and that was the end of that. They got the killer. They got the killer. You know what I'm talking about.

[applause] and we were going to go into seattle. The next day we were all set, lined up, looking forward to it, we are doing it, and they actually took over a part of the city and the mayor said, this is going to be a summer of love. Where did these people come from? But we were all set to go in there, we informed them we were going in, they sent their police to do it and we never even had to go in.

But we can solve those problems in a matter of minutes. Don't say that. I will start to cry. That wouldn't be good for my image. You don't want to see me cry. I will start to cry.

One of the fake news broadcasters come up because this happened the other day, we had a tremendous crowd, like this, we had a tremendous crowd in north carolina. They started chanting, we love you, we love you, and it's incredible, they said, with all the years that they have been covering presidential elections, they have never heard that chance, that we love you. It is very nice. [applause] they never heard it. True. Now they will say, now they will say he misrepresented.

18 years ago there was a rally held by somebody, and we heard the words from two people that we love you, sir. This is what we are dealing with. By the way, there is a lot of people.

Look at this. There are people there that can't even get in. Thank you, michigan. Thank you. [applause] it is really nice to be with you.

As presidents, I will always support the heroes of law enforcement. [applause] I was very honored to receive the endorsement of the police officers association of michigan. Where are they? Where are they? They are here someplace, where are they? Thank you, fellows.

That is really nice. I will tell you, that is an honor. I have to be honest, I got them from florida, texas, ohio, north carolina, but michigan is michigan. Thank you. I don't think there is any law enforcement officer that is against us.

What is our phone number, 99? I know they had 360 5000 in one group and they had a unanimous vote. I said, that's pretty good. How can you go the other way? You people are fantastic. We love you.

Thank you. [applause] that's great. Inc.

You, very much. Appreciate it. -- thank you, very much. Appreciate it.

Biden says he wants to protect black lives, but his radical platform will cut short the lives of thousands of african-American citizens. The murder rate in Democrat-run cities like chicago, baltimore, new york, many others, is higher than in afghanistan, yet biden supports imposing these failed policies nationwide. You will have crime like you have never seen. You will have crime like you have never seen. Last week, joe biden proudly accepted the endorsement of the pro-criminal portland district attorney, who has a policy of releasing rioters, criminals and violent extremists without charge. [crowd booing] biden's plan, and every time I say biden's plan, it's not his plan, it's the people who are going to tell him what to do.

So please understand. I just don't want to say that every time I mention his name. So it should say, the people that control biden's plan, it is to appease domestic terrorists. My plan is to arrest them, to lock them up. [applause] if joe biden is elected, far-left lunatics won't just be running failed Democrat cities.

They will be running the department of justice, the department of homeland security, and the United States supreme court, and we can't let that happen. [crowd booing] no city town or suburb -- no city, town or suburb will be safe. On november 3, your vote will save America. It is the most important election we have ever had. [applause] I am joined tonight by great warriors that have helped me a lot in washington with the fake impeachment, the impeachment hopes, the Russia, Russia, Russia hoped.

Somebody said Russia is coming up again. Adam schiff said we would like to find out. I said what about China.

About other countries? It is always Russia, Russia, Russia. They are at it again. I want to just think these guys, because these were real warriors for all of us. They love your state and love your country.

Congressman jack bergman. Great job, jack. [applause] john molinar. Thank you, john. Great going, john. He is a tough cookie.

And tim wahlberg. Tim, thank you. Great job. What great people. And I talked about him a little while before, I can talk about him all night, he is going to be a future star. We have a very different party than we had four years ago.

We are now the party of the workers, the party of a lot of different things now, but we weren't really considered the party of the workers, certainly not anymore. Remember this, we are the party of abraham lincoln. A lot of people forget that. Honestly.

[applause] remember when they used to say, he doesn't act presidential? And I used to say, it is so easy to be presidential, I only have about 10 or 15 people here. You would be bored. But remember, I used to do that?

But remember I used to say, I can be more presidential than any President In our history, except with the possibility of abraham lincoln, when he wears his hat. That is tough to beat. That is tough to beat, john james. But seriously, if you want to be well represented, you know, your current sentence -- current senator, I don't even know this guy. I don't even know this guy. Nobody does.

Don't know who he is. They don't even know. He comes in the office, I say, who is that guy? I know every senator, Democrat, Republican.

I don't know this guy. I know your other senator. I can tell by her hair.

But that was john's first crack. You learned a lot and if he had more support from the Republican party, he would have won that race. But this guy peters, right peters. -- right? Peters.

Who is this guy, peters? Nobody knows him. He doesn't do anything. I have to tell you, john james can be so great.

He loves this hole, he loves our country. He has been educated at thy level. He was always the top at everything he has ever done. And this is what he has, and I will be honest with you, john, I think I can tell the story.

John and I come I were thinking about -- john and I, I was thinking about john more than myself and I said, john, you can run for a certain House seat and are guaranteed to win, you can run for another House he, it will be a tough race, and you are going to win, order you can have a tough race against somebody nobody ever heard of, it is like a habit that they pressed that particular trigger. But that is a tough race. So you could be an up salute Congressman Or you could take a shot at this one and he said, sir, I can do more in the Senate and then I can do in the House. And that was his decision. [applause] it took a lot of guts.

John, I am with you. You have my total and complete the endorsement. You have everything I can do, everything I can do we will do for you, and I really believe you're going to make it. You are running against somebody who is just ridiculous. It is ridiculous.

Do it. Also with us are some other great candidates and people who are going to do a tremendous job helping our congressmen, paul young, where is paul young? Thank you. Good luck. I heard you're doing well, paul.

Paul young. Lisa ? Lisa, great job.

It is going well. And eric desaki. Thank you, eric.

Good luck. We are going to be out here helping you too, we are going to help john, we are going to have all of you, we are going to be doing it. Thank you. Also here is the rnc chairwoman. She was the head of the whole state and she kept calling me back, sir, you are going to win michigan, hasn't and one in decades. One more speech, sir, you are going to win michigan.

And I sat all right, I'm coming one more time and that is it. That woman is the most aggressive person I have ever met. She said, I'm telling you, sir, when more speech. I said I would do it one more time, but that is it. The day after I got back I said, I just got back from michigan, it was wonderful.

I got a call from ronna mcdaniel and she said, can you do another speech? But she is the one that got me here at midnight. She is.

[applause] so when it came time to picking the head of the rnc -- you know, as president, you have a couple of things to say about it. I said, who is that woman that kept getting me back to michigan? Boy, she will be great. Ronna mcdaniel. [applause] and somebody is doing a fantastic job, and tells us we are really pretty far ahead, maybe way ahead.

You know, they had a whole, I think it was a get they had a pole, I think it was a gallup poll, and they said 62% of people are lying about their pole command they are really lying about biden. I'm not sure if I should be insulted about that or not, but I will take it. We will have a very big win and no President Has done for michigan what President Trump has done.

[applause] and you are going to remember that, and I am going to remember michigan. Michigan gop chair laura cox. [applause] great. Thank you. Great job.

Thank you. Thank you, very much. Thanks, laura. We spent the last four years reversing the horrible damage joe biden in lifted over the last 47 years -- 47 years of bad votes.

After the last administration nearly killed the u.s. Auto industry, I saved the u.s. Auto industry. [applause] joe biden supported the disastrous transpacific partnership, which would have been a death sentence for American auto jobs. I withdrew from the tpp my first week in office.

That was so easy. That was so easy. You wouldn't have been making cars. You would have been buying cars from foreign lands. We have enough of that.

I didn't supported the horrendous South Korea deal that would have wiped out u.s. Production of the pickup truck, which is the most, the pickup truck is the most profitable thing the auto industry makes. Do you know why? We have something called the chicken tax. Does anybody know what I am talking about? The chicken tax is a tariff of 25% that keeps other countries out of here and it expired in South Korea at didn't -- South Korea didn't want to do it, but we did it and we got a back and we put it on for a long time, but remember the chicken tax.

I will tell you why they call it that. Maybe you don't want to know. But we are keeping those small trucks and we are keeping our whole industry good and we are expanding our autos now, our cars, and we are doing a great job of it and I want to thank everybody.

[applause] by the way, many other things in michigan. Biden supported the outrageous fuel economy standards that have hammered the auto industry, and I reversed that rule, I actually reversed it, and it helped millions of families be able to afford a car. The United States lost 500 auto and auto parts factories under the obama-biden disaster. Before the virus, my administration added over 200 new auto and auto parts plant. 200. I didn't know that.

200? I thought it was less than that. I want to see that again. 200. It says 200.

Do you believe it? [applause] that's a lot. You have a choice between teleprompter and freelance.

I hate to say, freelance is always a hell of a lot better. [applause] if you remember and remember well, I got elected because of freelance. We didn't have teleprompters. There were no teleprompters.

But think of that, 200. We are talking about 200 plants. I thought it was a much lower number and I thought you should put me in office based on a much lower number. At 200, you have no choice. [applause] yesterday, biden was in michigan. He said, I better get on the basement, this guys starting to do very well.

Lying about his lifetime of coldhearted globalist betrayal, biden championed nafta, the worst trade deal in the history of our country, and continued to promote nafta for decades. And I told you, he just said it was not as good as the deal I made. I can't believe it. They are giving him hell tonight, they are giving him hell, what did you say that for? Biden.

Boy oh boy. Biden. Joe hiden.

[applause] this doesn't sound nice. I will say it, and they will criticize me for it. You watch.

I have the distinct pleasure of running against the worst presidential candidate in the history of presidential politics. I really believe it. [applause] can you imagine if I lost to him? I would have to say, I lost to the worst candidate ever put up.

Don't do that to me, michigan. Biden supported China's entry into the world trade organization, which was a disaster. China was flatlining for decades and got into this world trade organization with all sorts of advantages. Just a terrible, terrible situation took place. And that is when China became a big, powerful, economic power.

But if you look at the numbers just before the plague, now the numbers are different, we were going up, up,. We were beating them like a drum. They weren't even close. We were gaining, gaining, gaining. We were number-one by far.

For years I heard in 2018, China is going to surpass us. In 2018, we gained a lot on them. We were doing great. We were doing great. Then we will be doing even better next year. You watch.

Yesterday it was revealed that a fund partly owned by joe biden son -- where is hunter? His first name now is where, where is hunter? He must be a brilliant guy, because with no experience, he has taken more money from more countries. He had no job and then he became rich. But whereas hunter facilitated the sale of a michigan automotive company to a leading chinese military defense contractor, designing window that?

China's military got yet another piece of American manufacturing might, and the biden family made a lot of money on it. A lot of money. [crowd booing] what about ukraine? He got 180 $3000 a month, $3 million upfront and he had no experience with energy, working for an energy company, by the way. What is your experience, hunter, what is your experience with energy?

I don't have any. Ok. We will pay you 183,000 dollars a month and give you a payment on top of that of $3 million. He goes yes, I will take it. Would anybody here not take that deal? Please raise your hand.

One guy, you must be a pretty rich guy. If biden is elected, China will own America. Washington vultures like biden and others ripped apart entire towns across your state.

Michigan lost half of all manufacturing jobs after the trade deals biden supported. By the way, this anybody remember like 12 years ago, long before I thought about running for president, when I enjoyed my life, I had the greatest life, where would we like to go? Let's go to monte carlo this weekend.

Let's go. Now, I had a great life. I was honored, I was doing very well, but I was honored in michigan, I was given man of the year award by somebody. [applause] and I came in and I spent like, 45 minutes talking about how you have been ripped off, how all your auto companies are leaving and going to mexico and canada too, but they are leaving and going to mexico and canada.

He spent the whole time talking about. At the end, I felt embarrassed. I said, I hope I haven't insulted the state too much, but when you let this happen? I stopped it.

I stopped it. [applause] won't be happening. Won't be happening. It is not to happen anymore. Biden took a sledgehammer to your state. Earlier this year, I kept my promise to michigan workers when we ended the nafta nightmare that everybody said was impossible to end, and when we signed that brand-new u.s.-mexico-canada agreement into law.

[applause] the usmca is the most powerful wage attractions to keep auto manufacturing jobs right here in michigan. Now, they have a tremendous disincentive to leave michigan, fire all our workers, go to mexico or canada, make the car or the product, send it here without tariffs, we end up with closed factories, no jobs and no taxes. That is not happening anymore. That is not happening anymore. But you remember how bad it was just before I took office, it was like an avalanche of companies leaving our country. I also took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of michigan jobs.

Biden has vowed to remove these tariffs that would allow China to continue its pillaging. China is paying us tens of thousands of dollars a month. Before me, China never paid anything.

They didn't yes $.10 -- they didn't pay us $.10. Do you know what it did with some of that money? A give it to the farmers. We have farmers here? Not bad.

I gave 28 billion dollars to our farmers because they were targeted by China. There were targeted they said, you now -- and that is what they did in the past other presidents. They said, if you do this, we are going to stop them business with your farmers and you are not going to get any votes and you are going to lose the midwest and all of that. And I said, do whatever you want and I went to sonny perdue, Secretary Of agriculture, great guy, and I said sunny, how much are they being targeted for? And he said, sir, $12 billion the first year, three years ago, and a total of $28 billion.

And I said, that is ok, we are putting tariffs on everything they send into our country, 25%, we are going to raise it to 50%, also 10% and 12%. All different tariffs. We took in billions and billions and I said, we are going to take up that 12 and the 1620 $8 million and we are going to give it to our -- 12 in the 16, 20 $8 million, and we are going to give it to our farmers who were targeted. And our farmers are doing great.

[applause] that is what we did. You think joe biden could do that? He wouldn't have had a clue. Hillary wouldn't have a clue.

Crazy bernie wouldn't. Nobody would have a clue on that one. And we have tens of billions of dollars left over. You know what I did? We gave it to the u.s. Treasury, right smack into the heart of the u.s.

Treasury. [applause] and we are still getting those big tariffs, even though we made a trade deal with China. I said, I got to leave a lot of the tariffs on. A lot of people didn't know it schumer didn't like the tariffs and then all of a sudden he loved them. When I made the deal with China, I left the tariffs on, 25% and different amounts.

But I left tariffs largely on and they said, what did you think of the deal, and he said I like it, because we got rid of the tariffs, and I said no, we got the tariffs off. And about how good the deal, they was saying is no good because they don't love the country. They don't love the country.

Remember that. Joe biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the usa. That's a nice plane.

Somebody said to me, your plane is just as nice. I said, no it is not. That is air force one. That is the nicest. Always, that is the nicest.

I also authorized millions of dollars to save michigan, forget all the problems that they had. For years and years they fought over the money to do it. We got 300 million dollars to the great lakes restoration initiative and we have done a job of the locks. There were rotting. You weren't going to have anything come through the sioux locks. -- the locks.

We got it done. Two months ago, I issued a major disaster declaration in response to the catastrophic flooding caused by the failure of the eatonville dam. [applause] where are the people from eatonville? Good. It was a terrible thing. And they are working very hard right now.

We are providing more than $43 million in federal funds to help help homeowners, and businesses in central michigan to recover from the catastrophe. It is a privately owned dam, I think we are going to have to sue the ass off the company that owns it, I don't know. I don't know why we are doing it. I will tell you why. Our great congressman, thank you, congressman.

Great job. He called me and he said, sir, we have to do it, it is a private dam. I said, don't they have to do it? It will never happen, right?

But we will end up getting some of that back, I think. Great, great representative you have. I want to tell you.

Perhaps in no area have our opponents more thoroughly great working families then on the subject of immigration. Under my administration, we achieved the most secure order in American history. [applause] we have ended to catch and release, stopped asylum on, and we have deported over 20,000 vicious gang members and over 500,000 criminal illegal aliens.

[applause] as I said, we have built over 310 miles of border wall. It is going to be finished very quickly. We are averaging 10 brand new, beautiful miles every week. It will be finished very shortly. We have invested $2.5 trillion in the u.s.

Military. All made in the usa, by the way. [applause] you know, with the fake news today, I said, we have systems and missiles and rockets and military. We have systems that you have never even seen before. President xi has nothing like it.

Putin has nothing like it. Nobody has anything like what we have. And they said, is he giving away military information? Now, I'm's -- no, I'm saying we have the greatest weapons in the world.

That is what I am saying. [applause] they said, he may be giving away classified information. You don't have to worry about it.

These people are sick. Never speak well about our technology, because you are giving away classified information. I just want to let people know we have the greatest systems of the greatest, and the greatest people anywhere in the world.

There is nobody like the u.s. Military, most powerful, we have the most powerful military in the world. And when I took it over, it was depleted, it was in trouble, it was exhausted from these ridiculous, endless wars that last 19 and 20 years.

And those soldiers are starting to come home very big, you know that, right? They are all coming home. They are coming home. And we launched the first new branch of the u.s. Armed forces in nearly 75 years, since the air force.

We launched the Space Force. Every, very important. [applause] we passed the mission act. We call it v.a.

Choice and v.a. Accountability. We hold people accountable if they don't treat our vets good. You are fired. Get out.

You are fired. We did more in 47 months then sleepy joe biden did in 47 years. That's true.

We did more. That has a nice ring to it. Think of it.

We did more. Take a look. Space Force by itself.

That would be a major achievement. And that was us. And we did so many things. So many things. But we did more in 47 months then he did in 47 years. It's true.

It's true. And a lot of what I did is destroy some of the horrible things that they did, including regulations all over the place. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. We paid 150 billion dollars, 1.8 billion dollars in cash. We ought to speak to law enforcement. How do we take $1.8 billion in cash?

In cash? Take a look at that, please. I recognized the true capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. [applause] every President Said they were going to do that. None of them did that.

For decades and decades, they all said, and I tell the story, it was a hard thing to get done. It was easy to talk about in the campaign. We are going to open up the embassy in Jerusalem. We are going to make it, it becomes automatically the capital of israel. Everybody said it for decades, for decades, many presidents. But I realize now why it wasn't their fault.

Because as soon as I got in, I was lobbied by everybody, please don't do it, don't make the capital of israel Jerusalem. Don't move your embassy. So it went on and on and then I said, let's do it anyway. [applause] true. And the word got out.

The word got out that I was going to do it, and I was called by every king nw queen and every prime minister, everybody was calling me, please, sir, don't do it, please. I did what we sometimes will do in business. I told them, when a king calls, when somebody calls, an emir, when somebody calls, tell them I will call them back in a few days. [laughter] I'm sorry, sir, he will pull you back on wednesday.

Ok, thank you, very much. I appreciate it. On tuesday I announced that I am doing it. [laughter] and then, I got on the phone with 18 different companies, how are you doing, I'm returning your call? It's too late, sir.

It's too late. I sent gosh, I wish you had gotten to me a little bit sooner. [laughter] I recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights, and we achieved the first breakthrough in Middle East peace in decades. And by the way, on wednesday I believe up next week, prime minister benjamin netanyahu and, as you know, the country, very powerful, respected country with a great leader, uae, is coming to the white House and we are going to sign an agreement that hasn't been signed in many decades.

It is peace, and it is recognition of israel and all of the things that nobody thought could be done. It is an amazing thing. I don't say this out of ego, but I was nominated for the nobel peace prize. [applause] now, I have to tell you, that is sort of a big thing. And the networks and most of the news didn't cover it. Can you imagine?

When obama came into office, they said, we are going to give him the nobel peace prize. He said, what'd I do, I didn't do anything? He didn't do anything for a years. But he said, what did I do?

They gave it to him in a matter of weeks, right? And with us, we have been so much. We have done so much on so many different fronts. Remember North Korea?

Remember we were going to be a war with North Korea? Where is the war? Where is the war?

Where is the war? And we have a good relationship with kim jong-un. Who knows what happened? All I know is, we are not at war and that is ok. And they said, he gave away so much.

I give away nothing. They said, he gave away so much. What'd I give away? They said, we don't know.

Here's what I gave away, I gave away nothing. They said, you agree to meet rely agree to be. So now they are saying, he agreed to meet instead of being in a war. To think agreeing to meet is ok, right? He's a different kind of guy. He's a smart guy.

Very smart guy. Smart. We get along. Getting along with foreign powers is not a bad thing.

We are trying to teach that to the media, these idiots that ran our government for so many years, these fools. These fools. You know, you got nuclear weapons, you got big armies, big navies, he gets along with putin, that's a terrible thing. No, that's a good thing. If we get along, that is good. He likes me.

I like him. Not so bad. He gets along with kim jong-un, that is a terrible thing. It's a good.

I'm trying to convince them it's ok, it's ok not to go to war. It's really ok. [applause] he gets along with President Xim , he gets along with prime minister abe, he gets along with a lot of people, and that is ok.

That's a good thing. It's really hard these stupid people that have been running this operation for 30, 40 years, and they come up against me and all they did is stay because in these endless wars. We are fighting for sand and blood. Sand and blood.

Syria, what do you get out of it? You get sand and blood, you get injuries and you get death. These people don't know what the hell they are doing, and it is one of the reasons I got elected, I can tell you that. [applause] we don't like his foreign policy, and this is said by one of the guys that got us into the war in iraq, got us into the Middle East.

So we are doing a great job. We are doing a great job for you. We are doing a great job for michigan. Just to finish in the Middle East, we killed the founder and leader of ISIS, al baghdadi. And by the way, we are pulling back and we are doing everything so beautifully, if we do get into war, we win the war. We don't fight for nothing.

We fought for nothing. We don't ever want to have war, but if there is a war, nobody is even going to come close to being able to eat us -- to beat us, and we want to be depleted from fighting in all these ridiculous locations all over the globe. You people know that a lot better than the idiots in washington that have represented us for 35 years. We took out the world's number one terrorist, the mass murder of American troops, qassem soleimani is dead.

We kept America out of new wars and we are bringing our troops back home and they are coming home very rapidly. You see that. Sleepy joe voted for the iraq war. He supported the defense sequester that gutted our military, destroyed our military, set us back so many years. I got rid of it immediately. He opposed the mission to take out osama bin laden.

He was against it. Everything he did, he was wrong on. Gates, Secretary Of defense, Secretary Of everything, he had more jobs than any human being of ever seen, but he said everything, everything that biden was for was wrong. He opposed killing soleimani. He oversaw the rise of ISIS. He was unable to do anything with ISIS.

I had the leader of a very important country in my office recently and he said, and I will probably refer to the press, they will say who is it, and he said thank you, sir, you got rid of vices. And I said, I was the one? You are giving me credit? And he said, absolutely. When you took over, ISIS was in iraq and I sais in Syria was all over. It was growing at a level we have never seen.

You came in and you absolutely wiped it out. [applause] the man that said that happens to be the leader of iraq, and he was very nice. It was very generous in his statements. He came to the white House two weeks ago. And we cheered as we saw all the success that we had, but he really oversaw the rise of China as a positive development.

Remember, he said it is a positive development for America and the world? He has been in washington for 47 years. Now he is all of a sudden going to change? He is going to change?

He's not going to change. He was in washington in his prime time, which was never considered great, and now it is no longer prime time. When I band travel from -- when I banned travel from China, joe biden was hysterical. If we listened to joe, hundreds of thousands more americans would have died from the China plague. Biden was willing to sacrifice American lives on the altar of open borders and now, joe biden is once again hurting innocent people with his dangerous, anti-vaccine conspiracy theories, putting millions of lives around the world at risk.

And the only reason he is doing that is, he knows we are right next to having a vaccine. So he wants to belittle the vaccine, because he doesn't want us to get credit. Again, it's not him, is the people surrounding him. When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since world war ii. Recently, I visited workers at a plant, who converted their factory to produce tens of thousands of ventilators after we invoke the defense production act. And they have done a fantastic job.

Not a single American who has needed a ventilator has been denied a ventilator any time in our whole country. They needed a ventilator, we had nothing, we were left bare cupboards. I always say, the cupboards were bare. We are delivering lifesaving era peas and have achieved among the lowest case fatality rates anywhere of any country in the world. [applause] Europe's excess mortality rate is 24% higher than the rate in the United States. You don't hear that from the fake news.

America will prevail over the China virus. As franklin delano roosevelt said, "the only thing we have to fear is fear itself." that's it. We are doing very well. As the british government advised the british people in the face of world war ii, "keep calm and carry on." that's what I did.

This whack job that wrote the book, they wanted me to come up and scream, people are dying. Now. We did it just the right way.

We have to be calm. We don't want to be crazed lunatics. [applause] when hitler was bombing, I don't know if you know this, when hitler's was bombing london, churchill, great leader, would often go to a roof in london and speak. And he always spoke with calmness. He said, we have to show calmness. We did it the right way and we have done a job like a buddy.

All those great generals, all those great admirals, our great vice president, mike pence, they did a fantastic job. [applause] our doctors. But they don't get any credit, because they wanted to discredit us as much as possible because they wanted to carry over to november 3. But we have done a fantastic job. We have done probably the best job certainly of any major country anywhere in the world on the pandemic.

[applause] through our historic relief program, we saved more than 1.6 million michigan jobs and over 128,000 michigan businesses. Michigan has already gained and regained more than half of the job that it lost. And if your state was ever allowed to safely reopen by your governor, who doesn't have a clue, she is like joe. You would have regained far more than that. Open up your state, madam governor. Open up your state.

[applause] just like crazy nancy pelosi, your governor is a liberal hypocrite who lives by a different set of rules. Her husband was caught trying to put his boat in the water on memorial day weekend. While she was ordering the people of michigan to stay in their homes, and forcing businesses into bankruptcy left and right. The biden agenda would collapse our economy and destroy this great opportunity that we are having right now. He would impose job-destroying regulations that would demolish the auto industry. You know, on regulations, it took in many cases 19, 20 years to get a highway approved.

We have it down to two years. We are trying to get it down to one year. And it may get this approved for environmental or safety reasons, but we are going to know about it very fast. No more 20 years approvals -- no more twenty-year approvals or disapproval spls. He wants to force you to provide free government health care to illegal aliens.

He will destroy your social security. He will destroy your protections for pre-existing conditions. And we will save social security.

Remember last time, they said, trump is going to destroy social security? Well, it's been four years and we haven't touched it. We protected it.

And it's going to remain that way. Biden opposes school choice and stated that if he is elected, charter schools, so important, argon. -- are gone. In a second term, I will provide school choice to every parent in America.

A vote for Republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all americans. Instead of letting washington change us despite all we have been through, we are changing washington. [applause] in conclusion, I really feel I hate to conclude, I hate to conclude because I love being with you, I do, I do. [applause] [crowd booing] -- [crowd booing] chanting] over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. We have been doing it.

We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States and right here in michigan. We will enact fair trade deals that create American jobs and grow American wages. We will rapidly return to full employment, soaring incomes and record prosperity, and that is already happening. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement (music) (music), surge federal prosecutors into high-crime communities and we will ban sanctuary cities.

[applause] we will appoint prosecutors, judges and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not their political agenda. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion and creed. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and there arms -- to keep and bear arms.

[applause] and you are lucky I am here, because your second amendment be gone if I wasn't. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens, and we will keep out people, keep them out of these horrible situations where they hurt our country, they hurt the people of our country, and we are also going to be seeing out of the endless, ridiculous foreign wars in countries you have never heard of. [applause] we will build the most powerful missile in cyber defense -- we've already got it, pretty much -- and we will maintain peace through strength. [cheers and applause] we will end surprise medical billing, require the biggest thing that nobody even knows about, and it is all signed, and it goes into effect on january 1.

You had better make sure I win. Can you imagine? This is going to be the biggest thing, and nobody understands what it is.

You are going to figure it out. Price transparency. [cheers and applause] and further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs at a level like you have never seen before. I have already signed it. The drug companies are not happy. You just have to take a look at all the ads they are running against me.

Favorite nations, where we pay whenever the lowest is in the world. We will protect medicare and social security, and we will always protect our patients. We will always protect our people. We will protect your pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars. We will restore patriotic education -- you know what I mean by that.

[cheers and applause] and we will teach our children to love our country in history -- and history, and always respect our great American flag. [cheers and applause] and we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "in God we trust." [cheers and applause] and I don't know if you saw it, but during the Democrat national convention and caucus, they took twice -- I thought maybe they made a mistake -- they took the word "God" out of the pledge of allegiance. [boos] it wasn't a mistake. That's where they are coming from.

There is nothing that sleepy joe biden can do about it. For years, you had a President That apologized for America. Now you have a President That is standing up for America and standing up for michigan.

[cheers and applause] so, get your friends. Get your family. Get your neighbors and coworkers.

Get out and vote. So important. [cheers and applause] from grand rapids to saginaw, from kalamazoo to mackinaw, and from flint to right here in freeland, we stand on the shoulders of generations of michigan patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this beloved nation. This is the state where henry ford invented the assembly line. It is where General Motors, chrysler, and kellogg's revolutionized entire industries. You know this one, right?

Michigan gave us motown, right? [cheers and applause] that's right. We love motown. Michigan davis motown. Gave us motown, gave us the mustangs and the unrivaled bite of the American midwest. This is were tough, strong, and determined workers made America into the most powerful nation in the history of the world, and we are making it greater and greater every single day.

[cheers and applause] proud citizens like you helped tilt this country -- build this country, and together we will be taking back our country from people that don't love our country, and that take-back is almost complete. We have to win on november 3. [cheers and applause] we are returning power to you, the American people.

With your help, devotion, and drive, we are going to keep on working, fighting, and winning. We are going to keep on winning. [cheers and applause] vote for john james. We need john james.

We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together, with the incredible people of michigan, we will make America wealthy again. [cheers and applause] we will make America strong again. [cheers and applause] we will make America proud again.

[cheers and applause] we will make America safe again. [cheers and applause] and we will make America great again. Thank you, michigan. We love you, michigan. Thank you.