ID: CSPANDT2110202089
Title: President Trump Campaigns in Gastonia, North Carolina
Date: 2020-10-21

well, this is a big crowd. This is one hell of a big crowd. [chanting "usa"] I want to thank everybody. Thank you, gastonia. Thank you to gastonia. A beautiful name.

13 days, can you believe it. [applause] they are getting nervous over there. The deep state, the Democrat. All of these people we have been dealing with are getting a little bit nervous, are not they? [applause] we are going to win the state, 13 days. [applause] what a great, great state.

And we are going to win four more years in the white House. [applause] with your vote, we will continue to cut taxes, cut regulations, lower drug prices like never before, support our great police and law enforcement. [applause] protect your incredible second amendment. [applause] defend our borders, maintain energy independence, and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase made in the usa. [applause] and it is happening now.

He will deliver work to prosperity, epic job growth, a very safe vaccine that is coming very quick. [applause] that pandemic is rounding the corner. They hated when I say it. You turn onto this msndnc, and cnn, all you hear is covid.

Covid, covid, covid. They want to scare the hell out of everyone. The more testing you have, the more cases. They say cases are up. Testing is up.

We have more testing than india, China and almost every other country put together. You could say it is ridiculous. At the same time we did a good job. It shows a lot of cases.

Thank, he said a great job. Normal life will fully resume, and next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country. That is where we are headed. [applause] this election is a choice between a trump super recovery or a biden's deep depression, and that is what you were going to have.

It is between a trump whom -- boom, or a biden lockdown. By the way, I love this day. You have got to get your governor to open up your state here. [applause] got to get him to open up. Open up your state, governor.

It has been long enough. Watch, november 4, north carolina, we are opening up. They are only doing this for political reasons.

Many states, big powerful states are open, doing great, but your governor does not want to. If you look at michigan, michigan, we want and the supreme court. She had no constitutional right to do what she did. The only one that had freedom in michigan was her husband.

He had plenty of freedom. He went swimming and boating whenever you wanted. A biden will delay therapies, prolong the pandemic, close your schools, and shutdown your country, and that is what he will do. He will massively raise our taxes. He will not even know he is doing up by the way. He has no clue.

Barry regulations, dismantle police departments, dissolve our borders, confiscate your guns. At that will be happening very quickly. Eliminate private health care, 180 million people, private health care. They love it.

They want to eliminate it. They want to go to socialized medicine. [booing] you two -- too can you go to a hospital ward and wait for four or five days to see how you're doing.

-- devastating north carolina's incredible military families. We have invested more in the military in the last three years and at any time in our nation's history or made in the usa. [applause] joe biden has made a corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's nomination, what you should have never gotten. If pocahontas got out two days earlier instead of what you did to crazy bernie, because they split up the crazy vote.

At that vote does not like him very much. They are not doing so well, you know? People are not showing up. Oh there they are.

61 from north carolina, the great women of the world. 61 times. Look at you. And you have your husband with you tonight. I asked him last time, how many times have you gone?

61. Thank you. I love you. [chanting] do not explain.

Thank you, that is so nice. I said the other night, you make me cry and one of these faint anchors -- fake anchors said donald trump started crying during the thing. Maybe it would be good if I did. Why don't you do that every once in a while? I would not be so bad.

Thank, think people, I choked and I say women of the suburbs, please love me. I have done so good. I have done so good to you. [applause] we are getting. I am being sarcastic. But I need it, because I am saving your suburbs.

I will stop low income housing, stock projects, and stop crime firm going into the suburbs. I said jokingly the lesser amount, last time out, women of the suburbs, please love me. I have done such a good job. [applause] and on 60 minutes, fake 60 minutes, she said you are begging for women to love you. You said women, please love me.

You will see. Wait until you see. We have a little surprise for 60 minutes.

[applause] it is great. It is true. I will not name the anchor.

Do you know the anchor? She said you were begging for women to love you. Russia, Russia, Russia if you were listening, please give us hillary's emails and everybody laughed. They cut me off just before the end and said he was asking Russia for help. Shifty schiff and that group.

They are sick. I am only kidding. Because otherwise, they will take that out too. Sleepy joe biden has handed control of his party over to socialist, marcus, communists, and left-wing extremists and they are filled with hatred, venom and rage.

The first thing washington, d.c. Democrat are due if sleepy joe is elected is go to sleep I guess. I had a leader that told me about two weeks ago and said I do not want to deal with him. He has always got to be sleeping.

Word gets around. The first thing washington, d.c. Democrat will do if a biden gets elected is practice supreme court with the left judges who will eliminate your second and many other things. Look at the things that they have to rule on.

They will back it. Someone said 16. I said why not 18, 22 and he has also got to tell us who the judges are. She will totally lose the radical left. He will not say.

He has in his basement. You are right about that. I go through these interviews. Every question is a total kyl.

They are going for the kill and this guy walks upholding ice cream, and the press was out there, the fake news. What kind of ice cream are you eating? Chocolate, I think vanilla too.

Why don't they ever asked me those questions. If biden wins, the flagburning demonstrators in the street will be running your federal government. [booing] it is not going to happen. It cannot happen. Our country will never be a socialist country.

[applause] they will decide which businesses can exist and which will be outlawed. They will decide which rights you can keep and which are going to be revoked. They will reeducate your children, which they tried and we stopped, but they will do it. Do you saw what I did with the people that wanted to do a culture change, right? They were gone out of our military, God out of everything, but they will reemerge.

They will reemerge quickly. They will order you to stay at home while letting writers and ms --rioters and ms 13 killers roam free without masks. Ms 13 does not have to wear a mask. They riot, they lived, everything no problem. You get together.

That is why we always go outdoors, right? But they have a thing. You cannot do anything. You cannot go to church. Your kids cannot go to school.

99.9%, baron had it. Sir, he just tested positive. Like about 12 seconds later, I was he doing?

He has were covered. They have stronger immune systems. A very powerful.

I never realized how powerful children are. They will censor you, punish you, and persecute you for violating their speech codes and abrasive mandates. That you have been seeing what is going on.

Do you know what? We have got the white House. We are winning. [applause] as long as we have that. And we are knocking them out left and right.

I wonder what is going to happen. If we win, ladies and gentlemen, donald trump, she has won the presidency of the United States. [applause] I think they will be very happy.

They will be upset and then they will be just fine, right. They will be very thorough. I love this particular state. You better let me in -- when.

Laura and eric had a beautiful granddaughter for me and they named the granddaughter carolina. [applause] when I go to south carolina, I can also give them some credit, right? [applause] get is a great place. If you want your children to grow up in a free nation where they can speak their minds and practice their religion and live by their values, then you must defeat sleepy joe biden at the radical left. [applause] reject left-wing fascism. Vote for American freedom, America first, make America great again.

[applause] but I was thinking, on the plane down, I just put this in. I said to myself and I said to a small group on the plane, the great mark meadows is year -- here. I had to go all the way to north carolina. I do not know where the hell he is. She is always working.

He has back there someplace -- she is all -- he is always working. He is back there someplace. [applause] she has done a great job. Look at him. Central casting.

He loves this state. It took me three years to get them out of Congress and we have another great friend of ours, mick mulvaney. He is a south carolina guy. [applause] and he is a good man too. We have some other warriors here, your congressman.

Just think of it. I said this to them just a little while ago. I should not say it is said, because they will say he was extremely said, but it is said --sad. I am all by myself and I have had to beat the fake news lamestream media and their partner, the Democrat party and now we find out without any doubt we have had to beat the big tech giants, and add to that, we have had to beat the really stupid dumb people, the never drivers --trumpers, we have had to beat the rhinos, Republican in name only. We have got more rhinos than we should have, and we had to be dependent and consultants that I soundly defeated almost every single one of these glands. They all represented somebody.

We had 17 people running in the primaries just about every one of these glands represented somebody and I defeated them so badly they never gotten out of it. They do commercials. These people are sick. They are said about sad people. -- sad, sad people. On top of everything else, the deep statorss --taters.

The swamp and this one creatures are much worse than we ever thought and there is such a thing as the deep state. [chanting] with all of those people, that is a lot, and I stand here by myself and I said to the people in the plane, wonderful, beautiful, more television sets than any plane in history. I said look at the size of this crowd. They will never report that.

[applause] they never talk about it. They never talk about crowds. Remember the crowd we had at the inauguration. We had the biggest crowd and they show empty spaces and show obama's crowd.

I think the word we used was that it included all of the new things, all of the different things we have coming up. Every week there is a new form of information coming out. I think we have the largest audience anywhere in the world but they showed this field and when I was speaking it was full but when they showed the field it was all empty. When I was speaking, it was full.

They took the pictures are about five or six hours early. They had everything roped off and I said to my people, we had to bring that up every once in a while. Oh sure, nobody --sir, nobody cares about it. And they took the pictures early. And when I was speaking, I was looking at this thing all the way back, and all of the sudden, the largest audience, and I tell you it was the largest audience. That was the first week.

This was just the beginning. When I was speaking it was back, just like the speak is -- this place is packed. Into the hangar.

[applause] I had it again too. I had a guy, I think his name was weigel from the washington post. He goes to arena and all of the arenas are back. Now we are doing outdoor because of the coronavirus come --, sometimes referred to as the China virus.

And then you could also use the corona word, but that sounds like a beautiful town in italy. It is not fair. This is the China plate or the China virus. We have to be accurate and we were really doing well against China.

We still are, but we are doing so well. Do you remember for 10 years you are trying was going to supplant us in 2019. 2019, there were going to be weaker than us. At that did not work out well for them. We were beating them by leaps and bounds and then we got hit with the plague.

No sooner had the ink dried on the China deal. It was great. They ordered the largest corn, soybeans, and beef, cattle that we have ever had, because they know I am not satisfied. This is no good what happened. This is no good what they did with us.

The ink had not even dried on our trade deal, wonderful deal and this happened. They should have been stopped in China. At they should have been able to stop it. They stopped it from going into the rest of China but did not stop it from going into Europe, the United States, and the rest of the world, right?

We are going to find out why too. But the American people are with me. I said to these people, do you mind if I say I instead of weak, because it is a group of loyal people. It plays much better when I say I but we do have a great group of people. We are standing alone against all of these people.

I saw adam schiff, watermelon head. No, dummy, q does not believe it but he said the other day about biden with the laptop from hell. He said, and he goes up before the mic, this was caused by Russia, Russia. Russia caused this. They created this.

This information -- disinformation, he said. Shouldn't he? That guy should be locked up. Because he is in Congress. [chanting] because -- remember when he said I had this perfect phone call with the President Of ukraine. I am the only one to get impeached over a phone call.

Schiff got up. Eight times, quid pro quo, and you will this, and you will that. Unfortunately, we had beautiful transcribers that transcribed the call. Can you imagine if we did not have -- it would have been my word against shift and all of the horrible human beings over there. They died when we found out we had a transcription, remember. How did we get out of this one.

We had to beat that went off, but that was a little bit lucky. Thank you to your wonderful transcribers, you did a great job. We are dealing with some tough people and evil people.

Somebody said, president, a friend of mine from new york, they said President Grade I lost all of my friends, because everybody -- they call me up, mr. President, I pick up -- hey, richard. How are you doing?

Mr. President, how are you. Used to say how about going out tonight? They respect the office of the presidency. [applause] and he will call me up and say, mr. President, sir, I have known this guy for so many years, I do not say how many.

Many more than 30. Richard, loosen up. Yes, sir. Call me donald.

Yes, sir. We are going on. I always everything going? How was new york? How is it. It is going to well from this crazy governor we have.

Maybe I should take credit that we did a great job. It is very sad what happened. I said how is it going?

He answered by saying, mr. President, thank you so much. Richard, you do not have to thank you for speaking to me. They have respect for the office. And we have to have more respect for our country. When somebody gets up before the halls of Congress, so when shift gave this funny speech about my conversation, he was courting my conversation.

He did not know we had it transcribed. We actually called up. Do you mind if we release it? They said, no, but they were very nice. I said, do you mind? No, we had our Secretary Of state call.

Do you mind? It would be nice to let them know that we would release it. It was totally different. We are going to sue him and do things to them because you lied in the halls of Congress and you know what they tell me, no, sir, she has total immunity. He can say whatever he wants in the halls of Congress. I thought to myself, isn't that crazy?

You should be mandated to be more honest in the halls of Congress. If not we have a immunity to say whatever we want. [applause] did gracie nancy go crazy when she heard we had a transcript.

She said what the hell is this? This is not impeachable. You're right. We are so far down the road let's go for it anyway. It is good to win.

[applause] great Republican. Great Republican support in the House. 196 or so to nothing, and we got a Democrat and a half.

Andrew, go to guy. He will do very well. He said this is so corrupt I will become a Republican. [applause] and he is going to do great, but it really is.

When you are in the halls of Congress, you should be more honest instead of you can say anything you want. Let's go for a change. The reticle biden-harris agenda is projected to -- reticle --radical -- they will raise your taxes.

A biden will raise your taxes. Everyone says what does that mean? It means a lot. They will raise were taxes by $4 trillion, triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America.

Do you know how many jobs I brought in? I brought in jobs because our taxes were so crazy. It will wipe out another 25% of small business income and 25% of all u.s. Investment, stocks, 401(k)s, pensions will be demolished.

You will go into a depression the likes of which you have not seen since 1929. That is what will happen. She will put all of the regulations back on. I am sure she will join the wonderful paris accord. I was it working out for france?

It was meant to take away our wealth. Someone will come in someday and say isn't that wonderful. Our air is cleaner that all of them. We just had our best numbers and environmentally, the cleanest, the best [applause] without spending fortunes and it is rigged for China and Russia and india and all of these other countries and it is bad for us. When I got out of the paris climate accord. When I got out, such a beautiful name.

I said this is a tough one. Close your eyes, sign it. But the people got it right away. They are taking your wealth away.

They do not want oil, petroleum, because they do not have it and we do. We are the number one in the world right now and they want to take it away. [applause] but divorce is final take away 2 million jobs and hurt lower and middle income families the worst of all. I will deliver optimism, opportunity, and hope.

Biden will deliver pessimism, poverty, and decline. For the last 47 years, joe biden been outsourcing of jobs, opening your borders. By the way, our border is closed. [applause] that is why you never hear about it. You do not hear about that. You do not hear about our vets anymore because we take such good care -- every night you would hear about our vets.

97% approval rating. We never had anything like it, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars and countries you have never even heard of and they are all coming back, right? [applause] I hope nobody objects.

I think 19 years and afghanistan is enough, wouldn't you say? We are like a police force over there. We have the greatest soldiers in the world. 19 years is enough. Do you think it is easy getting out?

Beware the military industrial complex. They are all coming home. They are all coming home. [applause] in 2016, north carolina voted to fire this depraved political establishment and you elected an outsider as President Who is finally putting America first.

[applause] joe biden as you have been reading for the last four weeks although it is hard to find. If you have learned how corrupt the press is more than what I have been saying for four years. I have known it. I have said it, but I do not know how many people believed it. At the new york times and washington post and all of these, they do not even to write about a million who is a totally corrupt politician. A totally corrupt politician.

She let's communist China plunder your jobs while his family raked into millions from China, foreign nations. How about Russia? $3.5 million from the mayor of moscow's wife. What did you do for that? That is a lot.

That is one of the smaller heads. It was like having a vacuum cleaner suck it all in. If you mention it, I have great respect for the new york post. The new york post, new york's largest newspaper, but the new york post, what they have done is incredible. They put you out. Later, -- twitter, they take you out.

They said we are not going to stand for this. If you call them corrupt, they say will not stand because that is where they're coming from. I think of what is happening.

Does it ever -- does everybody know what we are talking about? All the news is fit to print. It is all the news and not fit to print because they do not want to print it. It is just grateful -- disgraceful. We talk about freedom of the press. This is the exact opposite.

They do not want to put the word out. I make a speech like this. I bet you the cameras turned off. Even to me, the big cynic of the world. I never thought this was possible.

A so-called biden center at the university of pennsylvania as already received $70 million from China. That cannot be possible. Is that possible? Explosive emails from hunter biden also show biden was negotiating with the chinese firm tied to the communist party to receive $10 million a year for introductions. That sounds reasonable.

I think you would do that. I think even I would do that. I would like to introduce -- said me the $10 million. [chanting "lock him up"] another email reference 10% health for the big guy.

He does not look so big to me. Key does not look so strong. Fragile, very fragile. They call him the big guy. What document shows a plane to take money from chinese state owned enterprises. This laptop is a disaster for them.

How the hell did he have all of that going on this sucker? I guess he forgot to pick it up. What the hell? And then shift --schiff. She says it is rush of didn't do.

They probably think we are the wackiest people. What did we do now? I left out for hunter biden with pictures and all. It is a matter of national security.

A biden's got rich while north carolina and our country got robbed, ok? Question ifif biden wins, China will own the United States. Big tech is trying to cover up this massive scandal.

I am not just running against sleepy joe biden. I am running against the corrupt media, the big tech giants, and I am running against the washington swamp. It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering a thundering defeat on november 3. [applause] that is a lot of people.

This is a big red. You should have seen the people on the route. They could not given -- get in. Tens of thousands of people on the road.

[applause] could not get in. They said, how big is your arena. I said we have a big field. It is sold out. How do you sell out a field.

Sir, we cannot let anyone else in. The police, they are great by the way. [applause] I said, officer, we have 10,000 people out there, much more than that.

She said --he said, sir we have a problem, stampede's. We have so many people, we are worried about it. I thought that was for cattle. Can you imagine, joe does not have that problem. He has four or five circles. They cannot fill them up.

The only thing I like about him is the person that does the circles. After this is all over. They do a beautiful job.

Nice, wide, beautiful. They are very far away from each other. You could not catch covid in the circles no matter what you did. [laughter] if I do not sound like a typical washington politician it is because I am not a politician. [applause] [chanting "four more years"] the only thing we do to make them totally crazy as we say, 12 more years.

[applause] right, then they say, see, he is a fascist. They have covered me every way. They have said he is just a -- then they say he is not really smart, then they say he is trying to take over the entire country, then they say, no, no, he has a super genius, more brilliant then anyone ever. I go from not being smart to being the smartest person in history but people.

-- people. Someday they will say he was a smart guy, ran a great country. [applause] they have called me everything in the book. They have called me names you would not believe, and we just keep going along, right? Because nobody has been able to do what we have done in the first three point five years.

Nobody even close. [applause] I do not always play by the rules of the washington, d.c. Establishment. It is because I was elected to fight for you harder than anyone has ever fought for you before.

Nobody has ever fought for you. [applause] do you think this is easy, all of these women. 61, these are incredible women it right here. They are rich as hell. I said to them, also north carolina but a long ways away from ear, but I said how many times have you been here.

They said 60 at the time. Do your husbands have a problem with that? I think your husbands are with you.

Stand up, husbands. [applause] very handsome, good looking guys. How about the women standing up. Will you stand up?

[applause] great people, these are great people. These are great americans, really great American people. These are great American people we love. One of the most important issues in this election is the safety of the American family.

The biden-harris war on police would be a catastrophe for our nation. Just look at what the left has done in Democrat run chicago, portland, new york city, oakland, baltimore. [booing] you know obama is now campaigning?

Even though he refused to support biden and even after biden sort of semi-won, he would not do it. It took forever but now she is campaigning for him. Somebody said, sir, President Obama is campaigning for sleepy joe biden, and I said, that is good news or bad news? It is good. There was nobody that campaigned harder for crooked hillary clinton and obama, right?

She was all over the place. -- she was all over that --he was all of the place. She did not know me and then I read and said he will not get the nomination. Then I got the nomination. Then he said he will not be our president, and I want.

And then I won. [applause] the only one more unhappy than crooked hillary that night was barack hussein obama. Barack hussein obama.

When I say that name, I think of the men, an incredible man who is having difficulty but there is nobody more brave and he would talk a lot about barack obama. He would talk about obama all the time. I would not say in the most positive way, but with respect, rush limbaugh.

He is great. [applause] you talk about a fighter. He is fighting. You never saw a fighter like rush and you know he got our greatest award.

He got the presidential medal of freedom, the highest then the greatest honor and it was a great evening and rush is having a hard time. He is something special. Try talking for years and years, biggest audience in radio history. Try talking for three hours without phone calls.

It is easy, pick up a phone. Our you doing on social security? He would just talk.

The biggest audience ever. Sean hannity things one of the greatest ever. Tucker has been getting better and better all the time.

[applause] better all the time. The great lou dobbs, right? Lou dobbs has been great. We have a lot of great people, and we are getting more. It is very interesting. I want to pay my absolute respect, he is in there fighting , and nobody can do it like him, rush limbaugh, ok.

[applause] biden and harris's anti-police rhetoric is inciting riots and putting police a grave danger. I was watching this guy today and talking about how it was so complex. Ferguson, st. Louis, baltimore, oakland. They had things going on that was worse you look at baltimore.

Remember that mess. It was so wonderful and then you look at the h1n1 that joe calls the opposite, the swine flu, and you say, that was handled so badly and the person running his own thing says this was handled so badly. You have no idea badly it was run and then they criticize us.

He says I did not close out but he was two months late and criticizing me for closing up too soon. When someone is in office for 47 years, she could have done a lot. How much? Barely enough is, right? Why didn't you do it.

I do not complain, get it done. Nobody has done more in 3.5 years. I will always say it because they want to disassociate themselves.

I will always stand with the men and women of law enforcement. Biden also pledges mass amnesty and free federal health care for illegal aliens. It will obliterate medicare and social security. I want to take care of everybody.

The problem is our country will be flooded with tens of millions of people, free health care, free education. I always say to them, it drives them crazy. Everybody gets a free rolls-royce and they always say I am misrepresenting. Think of it, free health care, and I will always protect your medicare and social security.

[applause] it will never be protected further. And I am also proud that here in north carolina your medicare advantage premiums have decreased because of us, because of root management by over 44%. It weird to hear that? You do not show that too often? On health care we are providing American families with high quality personalized health care.

The washington, d.c. Democrat want to bureaucrats calling the shots, ratcheting care in deciding who gets treatment. The battle of the China virus, we launch the largest mobilization since world war ii. It is going -- incredible what we have done and we have helped out a lot of governors. We haven't made a bad governors look good and good governors look great. We have bad ones and we have some good ones.

I will someday tell you: it is. Our early and aggressive action saved more than 2 million lives. I took rapid action toban --ban travel from Europe.

We pioneered incredible therapies. Here I am. I do not know what the hell it was.

[applause] all I know, I got it. As president, I cannot stay in the basement of the white House. I meet with I meet with so many people. Heads of state.

Sometimes, I will leave and say, that's dangerous, I am meeting with so many people, but I can't stay in a basement or a beautiful bedroom in the white House, where I say, hello, world, let me stay here for a year. I cannot do that. With the first lady. If I will choose somebody, I will choose the first lady. [cheering and applause] but I can't just stay inside and do that. It's risky.

I caught it. I didn't feel too good. I was surrounded by doctors. I've never seen so many doctors in my life.

I was always well taken care of, but every doctor from them a major place in the world, johns hopkins was great. Johns hopkins was really fantastic. Walter reed is unbelievable. But I had 12 doctors standing around my bed. And every one of them had a hand on a different part of my body. [laughter] I didn't like it.

But I didn't feel good. And they gave me what is called regeneron, very strong antibodies. It's incredible. What they are doing now is incredible. I don't know.

Maybe it was great, maybe it would have happened anyway. But I woke up the next morning, and I felt like superman. [cheering and applause] I felt like regeneron. I am working to make the same antibody treatment that I received available to anybody that needs it, free. We are getting it approved.

We are signing what is called emergency use the coloration. We are getting at -- emergency use declaration. We are getting it. It is called the right to try. By people that are sick. And has to be approved.

-- it has to be approved. We got right to try done. That is the potential to try a drug that can help when you're terminally ill. Not is a, because insurance companies have very deep problems. A lot of different things.

The country does not want to get sued by everybody if it doesn't work out. So I have them signed that -- sign that. We wrote a sophisticated, but simple agreement that somebody taking any of the new really incredible medicines, anybody taking will sign away their rights. They are not going to sue anybody.

We have had more success with right to try, it's incredible. [cheering and applause] it's really incredible. A great thing. That's one of somebody things we have done.

We have done so many things. I could go on all night about the things we have done, but you would start saying, he's than a great job, but let's get the hel l out of here, harry. We will have one million vaccine doses before the end of this year, okay? [cheering and applause] cases in Europe are surging. They don't talk about that. I don't want that to happen.

Bookcases in Europe are surging. Biden's lockdown would reduce life expectancy. You have depression, suicide, drugs, alcohol, many other problems. And your kids want to go to school. They want to go.

They have to go to school. [cheering and applause] so I want to send a message tonight to America's incredible moms, the moms are heroes, they really are. They know better than anyone that their children to belong in school, and they want their children to go back to school. I will open your schools.

Biden will close your schools. And he will keep them closed. It is crazy, what is going on.

I don't get it. Maybe it will be, right after the election will end, hopefully we are going to win, then these governors will go like this -- the states closed. They think that is going to give us worse numbers. Here's a number you have to look at, gdp. It is going to be announced two days before the election.

It's going to be announced on november 1. Just watch it. I think it's going to set -- I don't know anything, by the way. I don't have any inside information.

But the atlanta fed came out today, and they gave a number that is one of the most incredible numbers anyone has ever heard. Many times what the all-time record would be. They said gdp will increase, in this third quarter, by 35%.

35%. [cheering and applause] people are hearing 20%. They will say, donald trump failed to meet -- I think that ice is probably 8%, 6%, 9%. But they said, they predicted 35%. If it was 20%, it would be incredible. That would be double, triple what the highest in history was.

But this is a number because we are doing great. But Democrat think by keeping north carolina closed, pennsylvania closed, by keeping michigan closed, this governor that's always blaming everyone for everything, accept her husband -- it's true. [laughter] and all of this, that it will affect the number. The number will be great anyway.

We have to open up california. If he was going on. People are leaving california.

They are leaving new york, because they can't take it. They have the basic problems, high taxes and crime, but on top of that, they can't even open. It's a very sad thing. I don't know what they are doing, but they have to open these states up, and your governor has to open the state of dish this state of -- this state up. [cheering and applause] this is brilliant timing.

We are joined tonight by your lieutenant-governor. [cheering and applause] right? Dan, you better come up here. Come up. [audience chanting] don't worry, take your time.

We are also joined by south carolina lieutenant governor, pamela e. Thank you, pamela. So young and so strong and so smart. You are doing a fantastic job. Say hello to the governor.

Thank you. Thank you, pamela. Come up here, dan. [cheering and applause] say a few words. Thank you, dan. Thank you.

Thank you, dan. He will be a great governor. You are making a lot of progress. I see the polls are very close. They're getting a little nervous. A friend of mine from the beginning, she's always been with me.

Just a fantastic woman. Virginia foxx. Congresswoman. Congresswoman. [applause] she walks into a room, and those congressmen, they shake and bake -- they quake. Another friend of mine, who we were involved in the beginning, he's got another race coming up no, I hope everybody will be with him.

He turned out to be a great congressman, dan bishop. Dan bishop. [applause] thank you, dan. Great job. A lot of courage.

And also, a worrier, friend, -- warrior, friend, ted bud. Ted, great congressman. Thank you, ted. North carolina gop chair, michael watley. Hi, michael.

[applause] we are doing well. That's good, michael. We are going to win this state, I would think. I got a little crazy, michael. They are concerned about what is happening, not only here, but a little -- but a lot of other states. At some point, you win, and they say, "okay." remember the hand of king?

John kinhg. -- king. Did he get fired or something? He hasn't been too nice to us.

Strange deal going on. Remember four years ago? "it's going to be over very quick." the hands started to shake. Then he said, "I can't believe what's happening." and we know what's happening again, accept more so.

This is now happening again, michael, except more so. There's more enthusiasm. There's more enthusiasm. There's more support. [cheering and applause] this is even more so I think, michael. We will win, or I will fire you so fast.

[laughter] my wife called, she said, I just have to come over. She was in new york. She came in.

She said, you have to see. She brought a clip. You have to see this. These two people agree. This is four years ago.

[cheering and applause] are they here? Look at them. Look at them. It's true. The first lady came in, she said, you've got to take a look at this. I said, that's amazing, they are great.

Right from the beginning. You understood long before a lot of other people, you understood, you got it. They are also doing really well for themselves. And I'm happy. I say, go out and do well.

Rigjht? -- right? Thank you. Great honor. Great people.

Thank you to thom tillis. Whose opponent had an unexpected problem. [laughter] tom's a good guy. Tom has been with us. He's been working hard. He's respected very much in washington.

He's really a good senator. Really a good senator. He's been strong.

I hope he gets in. He's terrific. But he really did. He had a little lock.

We'll see how it all turns out. It's a close race. It will be a tougher is.

Our race doesn't look like it will be as close. [cheering and applause] and with us as well are members of the incredible lundy kata what tribe. -- lumbee kata what tribe. Look at you guys, wow. That is a good-looking group of people. [cheering and applause] thank you very much for being here.

We appreciate it. We working with you. You have a great Congressman In dan, you know that? He's a big supporter. Thank you very much.

Thank you, everybody. As you know, the tribe has been fighting for federal recognition for more than a century. Moving faster than a lot of people. That is a long time. When I am reelected, we will work with Congress and dan and all of them on the recognition act, and we will get it done. I notice you do have great support within the state.

You have great support within the state. That's great. We will work on that very strongly. Thank you. Under my administration, we build the greatest economy in the history of the world.

And now we are doing it again. And my first three years, we increased family income over $6,000, and much more when you include energy, because these people want to wipe out your energy. They want to wipe it out. Whatever thought you would be paying two dollars for gasoline, sometimes less? That is a big tax cut. That is more than five times the gains in all eight years under the obama administration.

Think of that. In three years versus eight years, medium income, wage reached $69,000. That's good.

That is an all-time high. Income for black americans grew nine times. Think of the.

-- that. [cheering and applause] it grew nine times more under my leadership than under biden and obama. Hispanic American unemployment and asian-American unemployment all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country.

Women's unemployment reached the lowest rate in more than 70 years. We looked at 70 million americans out of poverty, including 1.2 million african-americans lifted out of poverty. Think of it.

Nobody has done this. These are all records. When the virus hit, we experienced the smallest contracts and of any major country anywhere in the world, and we also are now witnessing by far the fastest recovery. We are recovering faster than other countries. You will see what that number is.

Let's see what it is. I don't know, 35%? It's going to be a great number. Since april, would created a record 11.4 million jobs. Under biden, it took 30 months to recover more than half of the jobs lost in the prices. We did it in five months.

Think of that. [cheering and applause] we have spent the last four years reversing the damage joe biden inflicted over the last 47 years. He supported nafta, the worst trade deal ever made. China's entry into the world trade organization, one of the worst things ever to happen to this country.

He betrayed, quite honestly, the American worker. That's what he did. He always has. Now he is saying, we have to protect America, we have to protect -- he says we have to hire American, he says. He copied me, get a new phrase.

He is not doing anything. He didn't do it for years. Forget the 47. It wasn't like they were outl onged.

He didn't do anything while he was there. He voted for the war in iraq. For decades come our politicians spent trillions and trillions of dollars rebuilding foreign nations.

Fighting foreign wars and defending foreign borders. But now, we are finally protecting our nation, rebuilding our cities, and we are bringing our jobs, our factories, and our troops back to the usa, where they belong. [cheering and applause] and I am also taking care of north carolina tobacco growers. Is that ok?

North carolina tobacco growers. Under my leadership, we have seen the most secure border in u.s. History, by far. My opponents's insane -- my opponent's insane immigration plans would be a nightmare for north carolina families, by implementing nationwide catch and release. That is when you catch somebody, could be a murderer, rapist, criminal of some kind, and you let them free and say, excuse me, come back in four years, we will give you a trial.

No one ever comes back. Only a very stupid person would come back. It is catch and release. I ended that. It was not easy.

Sounds easy, but it wasn't. It's ended. He wants to make every community into a sanctuary city for violent terminals -- violent criminals. No, thank you. The biden have an harris plan, -- the biden-harris plan, you have had a lot of crime and theft with your sanctuary cities. It would also increase refugees 700% from the most dangerous places in the world.

That was done with the manifesto. They agreed to this, 700% increase. They pledged to terminate all national security travel bans, which I got. I got a travel ban.

Remember they said I would never get it approved? I got it approved. They hate us from different part of the world, I say am sorry, you cannot come in.

That makes sense, doesn't it? They will open the floodgates to radical islamic terrorism. The be heading that took place in france just a few days ago is it horrifying reminder that we have to be vigilant.

And I sent our regards and sympathies to france and to their president, macron, who was a terrific guy. I am keeping the terrorist jihadist extremists the hell out of our country, if that's ok. [cheering and applause] and I will never say it, because it's not good to say it and I am not going to [indiscernible] I can tell it's ours, because they spend a lot of money on building these things, but you haven't seen too much happening on that front, having? -- have you? Keep your eyes open, because they would love to do something, keep the eyes open. But there is a reason for things not happening, also.

We invested $2.5 trillion in the u.s. Military. [cheering and applause] and as you all know, defense spending and north carolina has toured -- has a sword -- has soared. Made in the usa. For our veterans, we passed v.a.

Choice and v.a. And ability. We killed the leader of ISIS, al-baghdadi. [cheering and applause] and we took out the mass murderer of American troops, salome and he is dead. -- soleimani is dead.

Eye with jew from the Iran nuclear deal -- I withdrew from the Iran nuclear deal. $1.5 billion in cash, and it -- ended. I recognize that the true capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. [cheering and applause] I also recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights. 52 years, they worked on that. We got it done in two hours.

Instead of never-ending wars, we are forging peace in the Middle East without blood all over the sand. Just signed up another country today. Iran does not want to let me win. China does not want to let me win.

They want me to be defeated so badly. The swamp doesn't want to let me win, because I am fighting for you. I'm fighting for you. [cheering and applause] the first call I will get after we win will be from Iran saying, let's make a deal. You talk about an economy, their gdp is down 27%.

A vote for Republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, and a limitless future for all americans. [cheering and applause] so in conclusion, we are all about the American dream. Abraham lincoln was a Republican. We have to say that. Honest abe. Over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we will end our reliance on China once and for all.

It's already happening. [cheering and applause] we will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. [cheering and applause] we will uphold religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, the second amendment. And remember, joe biden is going to take away your second amendment. [crowd boos] don't even think about it. We will strike down terrorists who threaten our city, and we will keep americans out of this ridiculous -- these ridiculous, crazy foreign wars.

Countries you never even heard of. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength, that is what we have right now. [cheering and applause] and the equipment that we built is the greatest anywhere in the world.

Russia, China, North Korea, everybody -- we are the envy. Nobody has equipment like us, missiles, rockets, tanks, submarines, ships, fighter jets, beautiful, beautiful, the best stuff anywhere in the world, hydro sonic missiles, seven times faster than anywhere else, they go rather quickly. We have totally redone our nuclear, and hope to God, all of it, hope to God we never have to use any of it. Because it is now redone.

Remember it got here in -- here and a General Said, we have munition -- no ammunition? Hope to God, this equipment does not have to be used. The reason it may never be used is because we haven't. -- is because we have it. We got it done. Made in the usa.

We will end surprise medical billing, require your price transparency, already done come already signed, kicks and january 1 -- in january 1. Preston's balancing -- price transparency, bigger than health care. Further reduce the cost of prescription drugs.

We are going to get the lowest in the world. And we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, always. America will land the first woman in the moon, and the u.s. Will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars.

[cheering and applause] we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "in God we trust." [cheering and applause] for years, you had a President Who apologized for America. Now you have a President Who is standing up for America.

And standing up for the great people of north carolina. [cheering and applause] 70 947 get out and vote. -- get out and vote. From wilmington to raleigh, from greensboro to right here in gastonia, we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured out their heart, sweat him and sold to secure our liberty and defend our freedom. Our brave American ancestors crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continents, paved the wilderness, dug up the panama canal, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world, and you have not seen anything yet. [cheering and applause] proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country.

We are returning power to you, the American people. That is what happened four years ago. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, w inning, winning. [cheering and applause] we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. And together with the incredible people of north carolina, we have made America powerful again.

Our military. [cheering and applause] we have made America wealthy again. Our stock market, your 401(k)'s are booming.

We have made America strong again. [cheering and applause] we have made America proud again. We have made America safe again.

[cheering and applause] and we will make America great again. Thank you, north carolina. Thank you. Go and vote.

Thank you very much.