ID: CSPANDT1112020105
Title: President Trump Holds Rally in Hickory, North Carolina
Date: 2020-11-01

amanda zoch joining from us colorado this morning, from fort collins. She is the elections policy specialist with the national conference of state legislatures. Thanks so much for being with us this morning. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the 45th resident of the united dates, donald j. Trump. (music) and I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free and I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me and I gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today 'cause there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa from the lakes of minnesota to the hills of tennessee across the plains of texas from sea to shining sea from detroit down to houston and new york to l.a.

Where there's pride in every American heart and it's time we stand and say that I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free and I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me and I gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today 'cause there ain't no doubt I love this land God bless the usa and I'm proud to be an American where at least I know I'm free and I won't forget the men who died who gave that right to me and I gladly stand up next to you and defend her still today 'cause there ain't no doubt I love this land God blesss the usa (music) (music) thank you very much. Wow. This is a very big crowd. While, look at this. Hello, north carolina. Hello.

Two days from now, we are going to win this great state, just like we did last time. [cheers and applause] you were the one, right? You were the one that put us over that hump. And we are going to win four more years in the white House, our beautiful white House. [cheers and applause] with your boat, we will cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our great police, protect our second amendment, defend religious liberty, and ensure more products are stamped with that beautiful phrase "made in the usa." [cheers and applause] and year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our country.

Under my leadership, our economy grew at the fastest rate ever recorded, 33.1%. Just announced. We created a record 11.4 million jobs in the last five months, while foreign nations are in a freefall. We are creating the world's greatest economic powerhouse.

A recent gallup poll just came out, found that 56% of americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago under obama and sleepy joe biden. [cheers and applause] and I want to tell you, it is really windy up here. Thank goodness you have a President That doesn't need teleprompters because these things are virtually useless. They are blowing all over the place.

That's true. They are blowing all over. We started off today in two great places.

We went to iowa. I tell you what, in iowa, we had the coleus, windiest , but it was warm because the people were warm and we are going to win iowa very big. Very big. We had a couple of cold stops today. One was so cold we talked about refugees. We set if they come in, they are going to want to go back immediately.

If biden and harris get in, the economy will collapse and our country will go into at least a freefall, but probably a depression. They want to raise your taxes. They want to take away your second amendment. They want to do lots of things that I don't think you can stand for. I don't think you can stand for. Fracking does not pertain so much to it.

It does pertain in a different way to you than it would to pennsylvania. They are taking away your fracking, but what they are really doing is your energy costs will go through the roof. That would be very bad for this incredible state.

They want to massively increase regulations, send your jobs overseas, destroy the suburbs. Well, we are keeping the suburbs. I got rid of the regulation that would have destroyed the suburbs. They will bring them back were slain never before.

Terminate religious beliefs, outlaw private health care, and shred your second amendment, take away your guns, and indoctrinate your children with anti-American lives. [booing] biden has vowed to abolish u.s. Oil, u.s. Fracking, national gas, industry.

Look what he has talked about doing. But it is not him. He's shot. It is the radical left. Energy prices will explode and that will cripple our country.

We right now are energy independent. What we have going we have never had before. Biden's energy ban will send every state from north carolina to michigan to pennsylvania into a very, very severe problem, and we are not going to have it.

We worked too hard. We have the greatest economy in the history of our country. And then the plague came in from China.

It came in from China. They should have never allowed it. They stopped it from going into China, but it came to us and Europe and the rest of the world, and we are never going to ever forget. We will never forget.

But now we are building our economy backup, and it is going in a v but really it is a super v. We will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on the planet earth, and we will remain energy independent. Our opponent's agenda is a war on workers, a war on faith, and a war on our great police.

Biden says he is running as a proud Democrat. I am running as a proud American. [cheers and applause] [chanting "usa"] thank you.

Thank you very much. By the way, I just have to say this. We had something incredible happened four years ago.

This is more important and there is more energy. The crowds are bigger. Everything is hotter. But this is actually , and I never thought I would say it because that was an incredible period of time , never thought, this is the most important election perhaps in the history of our country. Get out and vote.

You got to get out and vote. Sleepy joe biden is a diehard globalist who spends 47 years outsourcing jobs, opening your borders, and sacrificing American blood and treasure in ridiculous endless wars, and they are all coming back. They are all coming back. North carolina lost nearly half of its manufacturing jobs thanks to nafta, one of the worst trade deals ever. And we got rid of it. Nobody thought that was possible.

Promises made, promises kept. We did it all. [cheers and applause] biden and his group shipped your jobs and your factories to China and other places in faraway lands, raking in millions of dollars himself, it turns out.

We didn't know about this. His son was like a human vacuum cleaner. Where are you going today, dad? I think I am going to ukraine.

Let me pick up a couple of bucks. Hundred $83,000 a month , $183,000 a month. Where are you going today, dad? I am going to Russia. Good.

So the mayor of moscow's wife gave him $3.5 million, right? And here is the scary part. The fake news media, and there is a lot of it right back there, the fake news, they don't want to talk about it. They don't want to talk about it. [booing] and big tech will refuse to put it on and they will terminate the new york post. New york post, I have to give them a lot of credit.

Number one, they endorsed me, which is nice. [cheers and applause] I got endorsed today by the pittsburgh gazette, and it has not happened , they endorsed a Republican today. They haven't done it in decades. Thank you very much, pittsburgh. We got endorsed by a lot of great people.

We got endorsed by great people and a lot of newspapers are endorsing us because they know that joe biden is not up to this job. All you have to do is watch him for about five minutes. He is not up to this job.

One thing I can tell you, President Xi, putin, kim jong-un, they are very sharp. They are all very sharp, and we cannot have a leader but is not sharp. Joe biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China and other countries. How can you have a guy whose son walks out with $1.5 billion to manage?

That means millions of dollars again. Whose son asked for $10 million a year for introductory purposes, right? $10 million a year. And he is supposed to be negotiating with China. China would just hope that I don't win because we have taken in tens of billions of dollars a year, first time ever with China. Saved our steel mills, saved our steel and aluminum industries.

In 2016 north carolina voted to fire this corrupt political establishment, and you elected a President Who is finally putting America first. [cheers and applause] and if I don't sound like a typical washington politician, it is because thankfully I'm not a politician. Never will be. And if I don't always play by the rules of washington and the washington establishment, it is because I fight for you and there has never been anyone who has fought harder for you. [cheers and applause] I had a very nice life before doing this. I had a very nice life.

[crowd shouting] thank you. Thank you very much. It is such a great honor.

I said, did anybody ever hear that? Ronald reagan, we liked others. Nobody has ever heard it, and I appreciate it very much. My opponent is promising a long, dark winter.

Did anybody see the debate? I am sure nobody watched it. He did not do too well. He said, you are going to have a long, dark winter. So inspiring.

How about somebody say, I really like , I don't think anybody likes him. Let's watch biden tonight on television. And he says we are going to have a long, dark winter.

How inspiring that is, right? So he said that and I am saying that we are going to deliver the greatest American come back in history. That is what we are doing.

[cheers and applause] and we are way ahead of schedule. This election is a choice between a biden depression and a boom like you have never seen before. It is a choice between a biden lockdown , he wants to lock you down. Let's lock it down.

Let's lock it down. And by the way, tell your governor to open up north carolina. [cheers and applause] it's time. It's ridiculous. It's ridiculous. He will probably announce it on november 4, we are going to open up now.

They thought our numbers would not be so good. They thought by keeping these states like pennsylvania, north carolina, michigan, how about her? Her husband roams free. He is the only one in the whole state.

They thought that by keeping him down the numbers would , and yet, we have 33.1. That is the highest in our country, by double. You have to go back to 1952, and that was half of what we did. We will have very shortly a safe vaccine. We are rounding , they hate when I say it, the fake news, but we are rounding the turn. We are rounding the corner.

But on top of that, we have vaccines coming from pfizer, johnson & johnson, moderna, great companies, and they are right there. We will have them launched and our military is going to do it just a clay, and we are good , logistically, and we are going to start with our seniors. Our seniors have problems with their hearts, with diabetes, and we are going to have a great thing.

It does work. Here I am. [cheers and applause] I like to say that the medicine I took, regeneron, I would like to say it had no impact on me because I am a perfect physical specimen and I am very young.

But I decided to take it anyway. It is amazing the things we have been able to do in the last six months. If you look at what we have produced now, we have become a production.

Incredible what we are sending to the world. The ventilators, what we are sending to the world. The treatments that reduce the fatality rate 85%.

Think of it. But my wife, our first lady, got it and our son barron got it. Barron is 14 and he is very tall and strong and he had it for a matter of minutes. That is why I say, get the kids back to school.

Get them back to school. [cheers and applause] the doctor came up to us and said, I'm sorry but barron has tested positive. And I said, for what?

Tested positive for what? It's got about 30 different names, but he said, covid. We could call it the China plague, the China virus, but he didn't say it. He said covid. I said, that's too bad.

He said, he will be fine. About 14 minutes later, he came back. I said, how is barron doing.

He shook it off, he is fine. The young have strong immune systems. Get them back to school, please. We have learned about this horrible plague that was sent to us by China.

Our excess mortality rate in America is 40% lower than Europe. You keep hearing Europe is doing so well. They are not doing so well. And we want them to do well, by the way, and we helped them.

We want them to do well. But they are having a very hard time. Jill biden is promising to delay the vaccine and , joe biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state.

They closed your churches, they closed your schools, but it you want to riot and burn down the stores and have the an hour guest out , the anarchists out there, that's ok. But you can't go to school, you can go to church. It is crazy. All Democrat run, by the way.

All Democrat run. You look at portland. Democrat, super liberal Democrat. We could fix that situation. We have to be invited in. We fixed seattle because we said, that's enough, we are going in.

We don't care, we are going in. So we were going in the next morning. That night they found out about it and they said, we are leaving now. Thank you very much. And we did a great job in minnesota, minneapolis, after you watched that place burning down. A week and a half later, they went in and solved it in about a half an hour.

If we listened to joe biden on allowing travel to come in from China and Europe , remember he said, he is xenophobic. Now he runs for President And says we should have acted sooner. Much later, he did not think we should do it. Hundreds of thousands more people would have died. We saved 2 million people or more.

Do you remember the model? It said 2.2 million people would die. Well, we saved 2 million people by acting quickly.

Now biden wants a cruel and very heartless nationwide shut down. It won't affect you because you are already shut down. I don't know what the heck , what is going on with your state?

Are you ready to open up? I think so. [cheers and applause] people are not going to take it anymore.

Look what happened in Europe, and the people are revolting. They don't want to do it anymore. They can't do it anymore. We can't have the cure be worse than the problem itself.

That was like the first thing I said a long time ago. The biden lockdown will result in countless deaths and wipeout an entire generation of dreams. And we have learned that children with the computers do not do well compared to being in classes, ok?

They don't do well. It is not the same. And the parents have to go to work and the problems that are caused with alcohol, drug abuse, we can't let this happen. You can't let it go on. I have a feeling that probably he will say, you know, it is now november 4, the day after the election. We will go back.

He should have never done that and they should have never done that. Actually, the states that are doing best, get florida. Look at all these states where they had a spike. And they didn't close down. Look what happened in arizona.

Look what happened in texas. We can't let it happen. Europe imposed to coney and lockdowns , draconoian lockdowns and their economies are , let's face it. They are in ruins.

We had the smallest down and the largest up and the largest fast up on the economy by far. The European lockdowns are leading to more suffering, delayed medical care, and financial devastation. A vote for biden is a vote for lockdowns, layoffs, misery, and getting rid of your second amendment.

They want to hurt our police, but they want to take away your guns. Very interesting, isn't it? If you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your family, and freedom to live your life, then go cast your ballot, cast your vote for me. We are going to do it. [cheers and applause] but you don't have to take my word for it because in certain states that I like a lot, we spend a lot of money for , look at that over there. Look at that.

You are going to see something right now. You don't have to listen. Please roll the video. Roll it. (music) my problem is I voted for nafta.

I am supporting nafta because I think it is a positive thing to do, and I do not pretend to be an expert on international trade matters. Trade agreements like nafta and permanent trade relations would force American workers to compete against people making pennies an hour as a result of a loss of 106 2000 jobs. The President Is right that China has been cheating. Clinton didn't do enough about it, george w.

Bush didn't do enough about it, barack obama didn't do enough about it. It is a positive development not only for China, but for the United States and the rest of the world. A rising China is a positive development. It is in our self-interest that China continue to prosper. We want to see China rise. We should hope for , China is a great nation and we should hope for their continued expansion.

China is not our enemy. We talk about China like our competitor. We should be helping. It is bizarre. They are our competition.

They are not bad folks, folks. China is not a problem. Allowing China into the world trade organization, which he supported, extending the most favored nation status to China, which he supported.

Those steps allowed China to take advantage of the United States by using our own open trade deals against us. It is better than nafta. We have to come together. That is why I am running.

I am running as a proud Democrat for the Senate. So vote. Vote. God bless can somebody tell joe, by the way, it is not a real website? And joe, you are running for President And not senator? And that senator, the mormon guy, is mitt romney, not some mormon governor?

Sadly what we showed you is just from a couple hours today. Every time joe actually leaves the basement bunker and stays out past 10:00 a.m., disaster ensues. Here is a quick reminder. Tomorrow is super thursday , tuesday. And I want to thank you all.

I am rushing ahead, aren't I? We hold these truths to be self-evident. All men and women created , you know the thing.

Do you agree with me? Go to joe 3030. We choose truth over fact.

Play the radio. Make the television , excuse me, make sure you have the record player on at night. Make sure the kids here words. , the kids hear words. Donald trump does pose an , it is not hypothetical.

This is pretty serious. These are way beyond an occasional campaign gaffe, and I am beginning , well, I am more than a little worried that this man could represent a clear and present danger to this country. He is obviously not capable of leading. He has been hiding the entire campaign, and the corrupt media mob is covering for him. Joe wants to be the President Of the United States of America.

That would be the toughest job in the world, and at times, joe does not seem to remember he is even running for President Or what state he is and or what day of the week it is. Does anybody really believe that if elected that joe biden will actually be in control of anything? What kind of country are we going to be? Four more years of george , george , we are going to find ourselves in a position where if trump gets elected, we are going to be in a different world. Barack and I think it is a right for people to have health care. Folks, we have a lot of work to do.

I don't need you to get me elected. I need you once I am elected. I will lead an effective strategy to mobilize. [cheers and applause] thank you very much. That saves a lot of words appear on this cold, windy night. It saves a lot of words.

But we cannot do this to our country. We have such potential. We cannot do this.

He has failed for 47 years. In the debate, all I had to do was say, joe, why didn't you do it? Joe, you were there for a long time and you were in that position. Why didn't you do it, joe?

And he never had an answer. No law-enforcement endorsements, no nothing. Joining us tonight are some people who have done a great job and people who have really helped me a lot in washington. A man who right now I hear is doing extremely well in the polls, Senator Thom tillis. [cheers and applause] I just saw a very good pole, and we had a very good old today t , I just saw a very good poll and we had a very good pole poll today. One of my geniuses said, I think they understand you have only been out here for two days.

I said, I don't have the courage to even think about asking the question. Would never even think about it. You have been great to me.

The victories we have had together. And what we have done for you and we have you protected, including the tobacco rose. We have you open back there. You are all protected.

A really wonderful person, a wonderful woman, and she is always with me. Representative virginia foxx. Virginia, thank you. Great job you do. A man that I would love to see you.

I think we can get a guarantee tonight. Lieutenant governor dan forest. Come on, dan. Good, dan.

That is a natural. You will open it up right away? Ok. He should win just on that one. He is doing what the washington Democrat are telling him to do. Attorney General Candidate jim o'neill.

Hi, jim. Great job, jim. Gop chairman mike whatley. How we doing, mike? Are we winning?

Are we leading the polls? We should be up. Can you imagine? Can you imagine? Pastor and a friend of mine, and he lives right down the road, pastor franklin graham.

[cheers and applause] and I would like to take a second to pray for this man. Our father and our God, we pray for our president. Protect him and his family, and protect our nation. We pray this in jesus' name, amen.

Those are good genes right there. That's good genes. Billy graham, how good was billy graham? Nobody like billy. After years of rebuilding foreign countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. For 47 years, the Democrat viciously and brutally, repeatedly attacked , and you know what we are talking about because it was led by a man named joe biden.

Black americans, they attacked, decimated the black middle class and called young black men super predators. To every black American, I am asking you to vote. You have to vote on tuesday. You can send a message on tuesday to the corrupt Democrat establishment.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. We have had tremendous support. Just so you understand, I don't want to look at all those cameras. We are doing so well.

One of the great things that has happened is our african-American vote, our black community vote, is way up. And they are all saying wow. They are all saying , everybody back there is saying wow, that's amazing.

That's what's happening in florida, that's what's happening here, that's what's happening all over. This is your one and only chance to show sleepy joe biden what you think of his decisions to attack. I am fighting for you. If you look at what we have done , criminal justice reform, prison reform, opportunity zones , historically black colleges and universities, long-term funding.

They had no funding. Every year they had to come back and ask for funding. I said, we have to get you long-term funding. We got them more money than they wanted.

They needed it. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure United States border in the history of our country. Biden would make every city in America a sanctuary city, which is not good.

And it is not biden, it is not biden. It is his handlers. I believe our country should be a sanctuary for law-abiding American citizens. [cheers and applause] the biden-harris plan would also increase refugees 700%, hoping floodgates to radical islamic terrorism. You see what is happening in france.

I am keeping terrorists, jihadists, and violent extremists out of our country. And you know, though I was asked on this very windy night, speaking of that, to do a thing that we used to do during the campaign. Has anyone heard of this stake?

Should I do it? This has to do with the subject, and it has been a long time since I have done this one but so many people are asking. Are you ready? The snake. On her way to work one morning, down the path along the lake, a tenderhearted woman saw a poor, half frozen snake. His pretty color skin had been all frosted with the dew.

Poor thing, she cried, I will take you in and I will take care of you. Take me in, oh tender woman, take me in for heaven sake. Take me in, oh tender woman , sighed that vicious snake.

She wrapped him up all cozy in a comforter of silk and she laid him by the fire with some honey and some milk. She hurried home from work that night. As soon as she arrived she found that pretty snake she had taken in had been revived. Take me in, oh tender woman, take me in for heaven sake. Take me in, oh tender woman, sighed that vicious snake.

She clutched him to her bosom. You are so beautiful, she cried. But I hadn't wrought you and by now, you know you would have died. She stroked his pretty skin again and kissed and held him tight, but instead of saying thank you, the snake gave her a vicious bite. Take me and, oh tender woman, take me in for heaven's sake.

Take me in, oh tender woman, sighed that vicious snake. I saved you cried the woman. You bit me, but why?

You knew your bite was poisonous and now I am going to die. Shut up, silly woman, said the reptile with a grin. You knew damn well I was a snake before you took me in. I have been asked by so many people. I have been asked to do that one by so many people.

But that pertains a little bit to what we see going on. You look at paris and you look at the attacks over the last week and you look at what is happening, and we are doing very well. We are doing very well. We have a very strong policy.

We put in a ban that a lot of people were upset about, and now they are saying thank you very much for the ban. We appreciate it very much. We invested 2.5 trillion dollars in the u.s. Military. We also passed v.a.

Choice and v.a. Accountability for our great vets. We have a 91% approval rating with our vets, the highest by a lot in history. At my direction, the United States military conducted a successful operation to rescue an American hostage last night, kidnapped overseas just 96 hours earlier.

Incredible people. The u.s. Special forces brilliantly executed a daring nighttime operation. Over the last four years, we have rescued a record 55 hostages and cheney's in more than 24 countries, and we pay nothing. Once you pay, those numbers go very high.

But this operation should serve as a stark warning to terrorists and thugs who try to kidnap our people. You cannot escape the long reach of American military and American justice. [cheers and applause] so this happened last night. We are very proud of them. I was at fort bragg.

By the way, we are living the name fort bragg. [cheers and applause] let that word out. Cancel culture.

Let's change everything. We are leaving the name fort bragg. We won two world wars out of fort bragg and other great places.

Gee, let's change the name of fort bragg. We obliterated the ISIS caliphate and we killed the leader of elsa' ISIS , the leader of ISIS, al-baghdadi. Solasoleimeni is dead.

I withdrew from the last of ministry's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. I recognized the American embassy in Jerusalem. I also recognized israeli sovereignty over the goal on heights.

, the golan heights. We did it in less than two hours and we are now forging peace in the Middle East. There are already three countries and they are lined up.

A vote for me and the Republican party is a vote to save the American dream. And in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China once and for all. [cheers and applause] we will hire more police, increase penalties on law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary cities. With God's help, we will defend the right to life, religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, your second amendment. [cheers and applause] which sleep he joe will not be doing any of that. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength.

And we are the envy of the world's military. 2.5 trillion dollars, but we have the finest souls and rockets and tanks and jet. But we have submarines. We have the greatest military and our nuclear arsenal has been updated and is in tippy top shape, and only hope to God we never have to use it. Hope to God we never have to use it. We will and surprise medical billing, require price transparency.

It starts on january 1. Lower drug prices even more. Going to bring them down to the lowest anywhere in the world. I have exercised a thing called favored nations. If drug companies , the drug companies do not like me too much. We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions.

America will land the first woman on the moon and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag.

And we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, "in God we trust." [cheers and applause] for years, you had a President Who apologized for America. Now you have a President Who is standing up for America, and standing up for the great people of north carolina. [cheers and applause] two days from now, America's fate is in your hands. You must get out and vote.

This is the most important election possibly in the history of our country. You must let everyone know, go get them. Go grab your family, grab your boss, grab your coworkers, grab the mall.

You have to go out and vote. From asheville to charlotte, from willington , wilmington to raleigh, and right here in hickory. [cheers and applause] greatest furniture in the world. I have bought plenty of it.

And it is much better than what they make in China, that I can tell you. I know it well. We inherit the legacy of red-blooded American ventures who gave their blood, sweat, and tears to defend our country and defend our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes, right?

These are great, great heroes who crossed the oceans, settled a continent, laid down the railroads, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world and the best is yet to come. [cheers and applause] proud citizens like you helped build our country, and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working.

We are going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. Vote for tom. Get tom in there. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God.

And together with the incredible people of north carolina, we have made America powerful again, our military. We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again.

We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, north carolina. Go out and vote. Thank you.

Thank you. (music) young man, there's no need to feel down I said, young man, pick yourself off the ground I said, young man, 'cause you're in a new town there's no need to be unhappy young man, there's a place you can go I said, young man, when you're short on your dough you can stay there, and I'm sure you will find many ways to have a good time it's fun to stay at the ymca it's fun to stay at the ymca they have everything for you men to enjoy you can hang out with all the boys it's fun to stay at the ymca it's fun to stay at the ymca you can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal you can do what ever you feel young man, are you listening to me? I said, young man, what do you want to be?

I said, young man, you can make real your dreams but you got to know this one thing no man does it all by himself I said, young man, put your pride on the shelf and just go there, to the ymca I'm sure they can help you today it's fun to stay at the ymca it's fun to stay at the ymca they have everything for you men to enjoy you can hang out with all the boys it's fun to stay at the ymca it's fun to stay at the ymca you can get yourself clean, you can have a good meal you can do what ever you feel young man, I was once in your shoes I said, I was down and out with the blues (music) (music)