ID: CSPANDT139202059
Title: President Trump Holds Campaign Rally in Henderson, Nevada
Date: 2020-09-13

well, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Great to be with you and a very special. Hello, nevada. Hello.

But I'm thrilled to be here with you in henderson. Thousands of loyal, hardworking, great American patriots. On 51 days from now, we're going to win nevada on. We're going to win four more years in the way.

And after we win four more years, we'll ask for maybe another four. Or sell well, thank you very much. You know, whenever I say that, I watch.

Look at all that news back there. Look at all that fake news when I say that their heads explode. Our movement is pro jobs. Pro worker, pro police and 100% pro American way begin tonight. Our thoughts are with the two sheriff's deputies in los angeles who were fighting for their lives when a vicious criminal walked up to their vehicle and shot them at point blank range.

Tonight we send our love and our support to their families, and we pray to God for their recovery. The radical left in America is waging open war on law enforcement. Hundreds of officers nationwide have been injured in left wing riots and mobs. You see it?

You see it all the time. Please sit down. Please let's have a little fun. We got plenty of time.

I mean, e, you know, what do we have? Football is boring as hell people. It's just not the same right? Used to be said, people would say, hey, could you keep it away from a football game? Now they say, could you possibly do it during a football game?

We have some free time. But during violent demonstrations in las vegas, a 29 year old police officer you know this very well was deliberately shot in the head, leaving the young, brave officer paralyzed yet sleepy. Joe biden and his supporters continue their dangerous war on the police.

They're putting the lives of our brave officers directly in harm's way. At his convention, he never even mentioned the words law and order never mentioned him once. Now he's all of a sudden, his polls air dropping like a rock.

And he started to say, but we need law and order, and then he goes back into the basement for four days. What happens to this guy? I know what happens to him. He's shot. That's what happened to him. Every once in a while, the great dana white does anybody know dana?

He's got some champions with him tonight. You know he's here. I'm gonna introduce him, but he's got. But every once in a while I'll ask him what happened to that guy. He said, sir, he's been shot for the last long time.

Should have left a long time ago. That's joe biden. Joe biden.

He's shot and everybody knows it. And you know what? They ought to be ashamed because they do interviews with him. They give him the questions and they let him read the answer from a teleprompter. And that's the fake news it is.

How about the other day? Could you remove that a little bit closer? See these things moving? But I must tell you at great peril I use them seldom.

But those are the times we have the best fun, too, I will say as well, and that's actually when we learned the most. For the entire summer. Biden was silent as left wing mobs assaulted police officers. When biden's far left supporters set fire to police cars and precinct stations courthouses, joe biden called them peaceful protesters, right? They call them peaceful protests and you know, when we go to these radical left places that are having problems because everyone look at the top 10.

You go back. Go top 20 top 30. Take a look. Democrat run.

Radical left wing Democrat usually run, not Republican. Run Democrat. Run and we go back and we take a look.

We want to give him help. They don't want help. But when they do ask for help and when they do, we go in like minneapolis. The national guard went in, took 35 minutes to quell a situation that went on for two weeks.

They knew we were going in to seattle. We told them we're going in tomorrow morning. And so they sent him in. They didn't want that to happen. And we let the protesters no or whatever.

You come there really anarchists. They're not protest. So we let the anarchists know that we were going in with approximately 10,000 very tough people, and they immediately raised their hands in the seattle police, who, by the way, could do a great job if they were let to do their job. But they're not enough. And, as you know, in portland the other day, we had to send in the u. S.

Marshals. A man who's a bad guy. Bad guy. Shot somebody right in the middle of the street. Who they say was a very fine young man.

Shot him, killed him. Card. I just shot him like it was on television. 2.5 days. Nothing happened. I said, what's going on?

We sent in the u. S. Marshals.

It was taken care of in 15 minutes. What family? When asked if he would cut police funding, sleepy just said absolutely.

Yes, I would. Now he's trying to change his mind. You ever see a guy he changed his mind on fracking. Okay, there will be no fracking. You know that he went all through the debate.

He doesn't even know what fracking is. I guarantee he was told to say that by bernie and the radical left and his vice president. By the way, how bad is she? She's the worst.

You know. We're gonna have a woman President Someday. Not going to be her now. I gotta be off. Oh, and that's no way to attain the office we got in there because sleepy joe couldn't handle it anymore.

You know, joe is bad in prime time. See the reason I could talk so badly about him because he did an ad where he had me standing over the grave and the graves of our fallen heroes from many years ago on. And they said, and nobody loves the military more. Look what I've done for them $2.5 trillion on in the air. They have me saying horrible things in front of other people. Nobody would have put up with that.

It was totally it's called disinformation. They make up a total lie. They put it out, then they do ads. So once he did that, I said, now I really look, it's ok, it's okay because now that loves her off.

I can say that this man is totally unfit to be President Up here. He's totally unfair. He can't be your president. You know, I've gotten to know President Xi of China. I've gotten to know President Putin of Russia, and by the way, getting along with them is good.

Although China, I must tell you, and a real problem with China what they did with us. We can never forget that we made a great trade deal. The ink was in dry when the plague came in from China. They stopped it from going into China, but they didn't stop it from going in our country, Europe and the rest of the world. Okay, they could have done that.

But you see, I deal with all of these people, and they don't have the kind of mental problem that sleepy joe has. You're very sure kim jeong eun kim jeong eun doesn't know about the problems that joe has. We need very sharp people.

I'm sorry joe is not qualified for this position. Okay. Joe calls for abolishing cash bail enclosing your prisons.

He wants to close prisons and even called law enforcement the enemy. Recently, you saw that the enemy until his polls started dropping. Then all of a sudden he said no. We loved law enforcement. I think I've gotten every major law enforcement group in the country. I even got you saw.

Recently, I got new york's finest and they are new york's finest, but they're not allowed to do their job. They're not allowed. We have a radical left mayor who has no clue is no clue what's happening to that poor city. I love that city.

What's happening to that city? 300% up. Look, 300% in certain very bad crimes.

New york there's no reason for this. And we have the greatest police. They're great.

New york's finest. They endorsed me. Chicago fraternal order of police.

Chicago endorsed me. Oklahoma endorsement texas endorsement. Florida endorsing every place of gore scope on if you think it's easy for new york and chicago in these different places, ohio endorsed me. If you think it's easy for these guys, they never endorsed new york.

They said they cannot remember ever having endorsed the presidential candidate. They endorse may and they're going against their radical left culture. That's destroying the city. So I was very honored. But how about chicago? Do you think it's easy for these great police in chicago to endorse me?

It's not easy, but they felt that they had an obligation to do it. So I'm just it just happened. I'm just very honored by, and biden's anti police crusade must stop. It's got to stop. It's got to stop now. Furthermore, the corporations he's poor, stupid people that run that you know they get paid a lot of money.

They're weak, ineffective people. Let's face it, they're funding anti police organizations and other organizations that are its's. It's so embarrassing. And I don't mean for a little like they gave $100 million.250. You're talking about serious money.

You're talking about serious money and that money is not used for good reasons. And these stupid corporations, and they'll be the first to go if the radical left ever took. They throw those guys out like they were nothing. If they were lucky, they'll just be thrown out.

It would probably be a lot rougher than that. These people don't know what they're getting into. But instead of giving money, they should give money to the families of the crime victims and the fallen officers. Yeah, so in the Republican party, we know that police officers are not villains, but the heroes who risked their lives to keep us safe. And they got you know, the thing. That's incredible.

I know so many police. They're so good. One bad apple and they're on for months. One bad apple. They go on for months, the thousands and tens of thousands of good things.

Nobody talks about it. Thies air. Great people that have done a great job and we have to support our law.

Enforced. So biden wants to appease domestic terrorists. And my plan is to arrest domestic terrorists way also believe that if you murder a police officer, you should receive the death penalty and that z e what do you do? Okay, are you saw a video of that animal that went up to the car? Did everybody see that? This animal, this animal goes up to the car to unsuspecting find people there was find people.

I mean, they're in very grave condition, as you know, fine people. He's an animal. And I called him an animal and I was criticized by people calling him an animal. They said he's a human being.

He's not a human being. He's an animal. He's not a human being. Joe biden opposes the death penalty, even for cops. Who I mean, look, you have to see, even for these cop killers who go around the predators.

They murder children. People like the boston bomber. He opposes the death penalty for the boston bomber. He wants to give prisoners a vote he wants to have the boston bomber be able to vote.

I don't think so. I don't I don't think so. You know who sort of that? Bernie sanders. Crazy, bernie.

He wants tohave crazy. Bernie says no. No, they have to vote. So they asked him.

Well, does that mean every that means everybody that's in prison should be entitled to a vote? Right? So they actually said. Well, what is that? What about the boston bomber?

Should he be entitled on? Bernie goes, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, he should be. Bernie is crazy. But, you know, the fact is that we got a lot of birdie votes four years ago because bernie is right about one thing trade. Because all of these countries friend and foe, they rip off the United States.

We way have made so many great trade deals. And you see it, usmc a. We got rid of nafta so many, but biden is too weak to be present, and he's not a smart person. And by the way, he was in smart 25 years ago. Everybody knew it.

Now we don't even have to discuss the matter. But I was going to say when he put that add up, we told him to take it down when he put that add up that dishonored our fallen heroes. They are great, great heroes of mine, of yours, of everybody I know really bad people, no bad person.

The worst person I know, I said, I know some beauties from new york. I know some developers in new york. Actually, nobody would say what they said. They made it up.

It was a made up state. And then they put it up in the form of an ad from a third rate magazine whose best friend is obama. Who, by the way, who, by the way, who, by the way, got caught spying on my campaign. He got caught. We called him cold. We have him call now let's see what happens now.

The Republican, you know, it's interesting. We have much better policy. But the Republican, they don't fight like colby. You know kobe is you're going to say hello to kobe. They don't fight like colby.

They don't fight to win. They just thought they were better policy, but they're not. They don't have that vicious streak.

If this were reversed. If this were reversed. They would be in jail for two years already. And it would be for a 50 year term for treason. That's what it would be. Okay, but biden is too scared to stand up to the crazy socialists and never will.

It will never have the strength. And he's going downhill fast, going to be very interesting. And, you know, I called for a drug test because you know what? I want a drug test because we don't wanna have a situation like we could have with this guy.

I watched him in debates with the other 24 lunatics, right? And he was so bad. No, he was so bad, you know, maybe a win because they don't like me. They don't like my personality, but I hate to say it.

I'm what you need. I want you want to stay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, but a biden ever did win. He would surrender your country to the mob. You know that. And he will have nothing to do with it.

It's not him, e he's being he's gonna be pushed around. And she's by the way, just so you know what you're going to get. She's considered far more liberal than bernie sanders.

How about that? That's what you're gonna have. I don't think your state is into that. Unlike biden, I'll always stand with the heroes of law enforcement, and I'm deeply honored. To have gotten all of those endorsements said to me, is a really big deal.

That, to me is really a big deal. And I just want to thank all of them, including the national troopers association and coalition just came in. We also received the endorsement total and complete endorsement from the public safety alliance of nevada and the las vegas police protective association from nevada. And I want to thank for that. Steve grammars who's with us tonight? We're steve.

Steve here, steve. Thank you. Thank you. That's a big deal. Make sure they get out and vote, steve, because they're playing around with the ballots. Okay, you know your governor.

So we had many sites, by the way. All exterior sites all outside today you'll hear these. Phony is back there. We'll look at that now. Today you're going to hear them.

They'll say, oh, it was well, the reason it was we had five sites all outside sites like last night. Tremendous room. And a great gentleman who owns this building said, you know what? What they're doing is really unfair. You can use my building. Don, I wanna fine, ok, I want to thank you.

This is the most important election in the history of our country. At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties to visions. Two philosophies to agendas for the future. Joe biden spent the last 47 years selling out America. Look at what he's done.

Everything he's done was wrong. He always voted the wrong way. Even his Secretary Of defense, his Secretary Of state. They said he always voted the wrong way.

He was offshoring, your jobs, throwing open your borders, depleting our military and sacrificing your children's future to China and other far away lands. I've spent the last places. Yeah, only in the vatican, yet I would never say so. What did you say? Okay, this way I can't get in trouble.

I've spent the last four years bringing our jobs back to America, securing our borders, rebuilding our military on standing up to China like no other President Has ever done. E if biden wins, China wins. If biden wins, the mob wins. If biden wins the rioters and anarchists and look, you see what's going on the arsonists and flag burners. How about the flag burning?

I would love. I would love toe, have a law. This is so sad. What's going on?

When I see the American flag burn, I get so angry, I get so angry I would love to have a lord has to go through a big process. You burn the flag, you go to jail for one year. I would love to see. I would love to see o. E would love to see oh, I would love to say it.

Yeah, if I were a Congressman Or a senator, I'd be in there with that one. You know, there's no freedom of speech that's not afraid of a speech. You burn the flag, you should go to jail for one year. I really mean that. They'll say, oh, it's horrible.

He's against free speech. No, no, we're not. We're not against free speech, but I'm running for reelection to bring back the tremendous prosperity that we enjoyed before the play came in, and it's happening very fast. And I'm running for your state.

I love this state. You know, I put a lot of money in this state, and it's been a great investment, and we want to keep this state strong. Not for that reason, by the way, for other reasons, because this is a great place.

You have a governor right now is a political hack. We wanna put violent criminals behind bars and tell you, governor toe, open up your state, by the way, open up your state. Yeah. You know, just so you know, these shutdowns way did the right thing way had the greatest economy and the history of the world. They came in, they were all seeing what was happening.

We closed up. I mean, you know that you're presiding over the greatest economy in history and a group of very smart people walk in. Say, sir, we have to close it. And we did the right thing. We closed it.

Well, actually, he didn't think we should close it yet. But later on, he said we did the right thing. We closed it.

We closed it. We saved millions of lives. If we wouldn't have closed it, we would have been talking to on behalf of three million were at 1 80. It's far too much, but we would have we would have been talking about it would have been unacceptable, unsustainable. It would have been so bad.

Think of it were 180,000 other countries are doing terribly. Did you see the statistics of us compared to other countries? Us compared to Europe?

Us compared? We have done an incredible job. We get absolutely no credit for the job we've done, and I don't want it myself. But I wanted for the admirals and generals and mike pence like that, and joe biden was against it. Remember, he was totally against closing, he said.

Always done a phobic xenophobic. I wanted it closed and nobody else did. At that time, nobody else did.

I was way early, you know, they say he didn't act fast. I was months early. Nancy pelosi was a month and a half later, saying come to chinatown has come to chinatown and sleepy joe was totally he thought what I was doing was terrible. Then all of a sudden, now I see him saying he should have closed it earlier this guy.

You know the great, the great thing about the age in which we live. It's all down and tape, you know, it's all down. I've got a real on him, we call it. We call it biden's best.

You got to hear this, but we want to ensure the future of America, not the future of China and other countries, because way win America way. And it's all about America first. You know, you've had presidents.

They never put America first. They didn't put America first. They didn't take care of our country. But we're taking care of our country now. Joe biden cannot lead our country because he really doesn't believe truly in our country.

But I sort of that. I think that's a very strong statement. I don't think he has a clue. I'll be honest.

The people that push him around don't believe in our country because he agreed to a manifesto with crazy bernie, right? It's called the manifesto. You know why it's called the manifesto? Because this is beyond socialism.

This is a word that starts with a c, not in us. That's where they're coming. That's what they're coming from. And biden's convention they decried America wicked, and they were saying, it's wicked, sinful. It's destined for a fate of doom and despair.

That was, by the way, that was the most. That was the most depressing convention. We had a great convention. No. Yeah. They actually said America wasn't great.

They actually said that America was never great. You know? Said that cuomo, the governor of new york America, was I don't know if he's going to get away with that, well, that's gonna that's gonna haunt him. That's gonna haunt him. America wasn't great.

Him and his brother fredo. Do you ever watch tradeoff? His ratings aren't very good, so you probably don't. But we know the truth. America is the most exceptional nation on earth, on our destiny is blessed by God. That's really I do.

We love this nation with all of our heart and soul, and we will always take care of our nation. You know, we have a little expression, make America great again. That's what's happened on.

You know, we had it done. Now I say make America great again. Again.

Come, I go. Come again. And that's what we're doing at a record clip. They've never had a clip like this with the jobs and everything else.

You see the numbers. On november 3rd, nevada will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity and we're doing it. We're gonna have a tremendous year next year. Or whether will allow joe biden and the group of handlers to impose a $4 trillion tax id, ban American energy, destroy our suburbs, demolish our second amendment and indoctrinate your children with a poisonous anti American lives. Yeah, get him out of here, would you please e wow!

Under my leadership, we built the greatest economy in the world. He's going home to mom on. Now we're doing it again. We're developing a vaccine in record time. The other administration would have been years and we're almost there. It's going to be announced very soon.

We'll be ready before the end of the year. And we were very easily defeat the China virus. That's what's happening. And we're already making that turn. We're making that round beautiful last turn, but it should have never happened.

China should have never let that happen. They should have stopped it in China under my administration before the virus. We quickly achieved the lowest unemployment rate in nevada's history and will soon be there again. You see what's happened?

A guy like biden would totally eradicate nevada's economy. He would make it impossible for you to compete. And he's already said if the doctor suggested that he would shut down the country again, we're not shutting down our country.

A shutdown will destroy the lives and dreams of tens of millions of americans. Look, the americans, you know, on the other side, if you look at these shutdowns and you're living through it right now, you know, there aren't many states that have shut down. They're all Democrat. North carolina, your state. But north carolina, we're not. You know, you take a look at north carolina, pennsylvania, shut down every one of them that is shut down and doing not well, they're not doing well.

And they all have Democrat governors. And you know, when you look at the suicide rates, when you look at all of the suicide, all of the domestic violence, the drugs, all of the problems we can't have it. We can't have it. Open up your state. You gotta open up your state.

It's all political. It's all politic. It's all political.

On november 4th, they'll announce we could open up the state's. They're only doing it to affect your november 3rd grade election. Most important election.

Biden will always do whatever the radical left demands. And if elected, his radical supporters won't just be causing mayhem on the streets. They'll be running the department of justice, the department of homeland security and, by the way, the United States supreme court. And we will have a very different country. You know, the next President Probably will have anywhere 123 or four supreme court justices. So if you want your second amendment, if you want life, if you want so many other things even having to do with your military, even having to do with your vets if you want things if you want, you've got you've gotta have the court because, you know there last for 25 30 40 years.

They put on his young people and they stay a long time. Our country will never be the same, will never be able to recover from it. So you've got to get out on november 3rd or early voting. You got to get out and vote and you could send your ballot. And then you have to check that your ballots counted because they might not count your ballot of this state.

They may not count your ballot, but we're looking to save, and we're going to save America. We're not gonna let that happen. So we're joined tonight by two terrific congressional candidates that have been just incredible. And the job they've you see it?

I mean, you've seen it all the way the job they've done in their campaign. They beat people that were very good, very talented, great politicians. And they won.

Damn. Where is he? Dan road.

Um er dan wrote him a dan wrote him a and we're with you all the way. Dan and jim. Marshawn jim, thank you very much. Thank you, jim.

Okay, so we're backing you all the way. You got to get them, and we need we will take back the House. You know why?

Because people cannot stand nancy pelosi. They don't like nancy pelosi. Even the woman that owns the beauty parlor turned her in.

Can you believe that? Yeah. Nancy pelosi is a customer. She turned her and she thought it was disgraceful.

But that's what we're dealing with, a bunch of phonies. But you guys, we have. We have your back 100%.

Michael. You make sure, right? I also wanna introducing. Thank.

He's done a fantastic job. Nevada Republican party chairman michael mcdonald all right, and a friend of mine. And thank you, michael. Your former attorney general, adam laxalt. I need surgery on a person with tremendous spirit and personality. To put it mildly, she's tough, and she's, but she's very kind.

She's a great person. Kimberly guilfoyle. Thank you, kimberly.

Thank you, thank you. Tim berner, the owner of the chicago cubs. And he's in first place. So he's very happy. The rnc finance chairman todd ricketts.

Where's todd? Thank you, great. So when that penitani win the one of the best people ever to work for me in government, he's tough. He's smart, he can be vicious, but he's just fair more than anything else. But he is a talented guy with tremendous energy and tremendous brainpower. Ric grenell, I on here he is again because they're going to try and find out.

Man, what's this guy manufacturing? You know there's a manufacturing building and outside 25 to 30,000 people. Everyone say, what the hell is he manufacturing?

Maybe he's manufacturing trump. I don't manufacturing something pretty good. They're gonna boy, they're gonna be giving you a lot. But again, don.

Thank you very much, don. Thank you, don. Thank you, don. Yeah. Also a las vegas legend, rick harrison.

Rick. Thank you. You are a legend, arjun. Great job. You've done great job. You've done a friend of mine for a long time.

You know, years ago he was looking for a place. Can I tell this story just quickly? Do you mind? He was looking for a place and they said, well, that's sports. Never gonna make it.

It's too violent. They just don't know how violent the American people are doing. They never quite figured that out. No, they said no.

It will never make it. There's nobody like this guy. I'm telling you. I always say it's a great sport without him. I don't know what they do. I don't know if it could.

I don't know if anything would make it. He could do anything. He is so smart, so tough, so cunning. He's been a friend of mine for a long time. I've been a friend of his, but I gave him a place a long time ago.

And all I know is just like we have outside. We had lines. I said, what the hell is going on here?

Data. This place is packed, right? We were packed. We had thousands of people that couldn't get in. And I was so nice.

I said, let's do it again, dana, please, that we did it again and again and again and it became the ufc and he sold it and has a big chunk of it. But he got $4 billion when he sold it. Four billion. That's not too bad.

That's not too bad data, but he really is. He's an incredible guy, and, you know, he also loves his fighters. He wants to take care of his fighters that he brought some of them along the best. But I want to introduce staying away. Dana, please stand up.

I and dana brought along a few of his friends, and these were not people you want to pick a fight with, because under those beautiful suits or a lot of muscles, a lot of power, a lot of genius for fighting and for other things. But a lot of genius under those suits, a few members of the u f. C community.

So here's a man who's been. He used to walk into that ring, and he still does. And he's a zoo.

Good as there is in the world number one in the world. Uh, you don't want to pick a fight with him in a bar. Let's say you had a fight and you happen to me. Colby, covington, you say, what's your name?

And he said, my name's colby covington. And you know, the first time I saw a covering covington and kobe, he walks into the ring. Now he wasn't fighting, but he walked in with that same hat that you're wearing. It said, keep America great.

It says, make America, hey, doesn't care as long as it is. Trump won in some place. He doesn't care. He doesn't discriminate. But this was the same day that we had our conservative reporter beat the hell by that wise guy who's now in big trouble for doing what he did. And then he walks in wearing the hat right.

Keep America great, and he wears the hat and he's going like this because this was a big story. You remember what they did to that guy? Conservative reporter, not a fighter. He wasn't a fighter.

If it was 10 people against one. Now, if we had 10 people against that one, those 10 people would be in serious trouble. They said, what the hell?

What? I'd like to introduce kobe covington. Greatle.

Great. Dr is a great fighter. Three months ago, I saw him fight a guy. He looked like it would be impossible to beat. I never saw muscles. He had muscles on muscles on muscles.

And kobe is a very fit guy and, you know, fantastic. But he didn't look quite the same. It wasn't even a contest. It went a few rounds and it was like I couldn't believe what you did. He took him apart so easily. It was like a nisi day at the office.

So you have to explain that to me someday called me. But we love you, man. You're with us and we're with you.

Another great great champion. Another great champion, henry cejudo, who is one of the best in the world, and henry please stand. Please.

Henry is and you won the championship twice, right? Twice. He wanted twice. He's don't mess with him. Whole mess with him and his brother alonso is here. Alonso kroos thank you very much, alonso.

Thank you. Thank you. And alonso doesn't mess with henry. He learned that a long time ago. So one of the best fighters in the world, and he's got a tremendous fight coming up against, I guess the number one rated pound for pound fighter.

Justin gate, the please stand up. Justin. Justin geechee. Thank you.

And you feel good about that fight. He said he's going to knock him out. Well, we're gonna be watching. It's right before the election, but I think I'm going to be watching. Okay, I'll be watching.

You better believe it. That's gonna be an incredible fight. Good luck. Good luck, justin. Great fighter.

And also is great guy. One of the best. Thank you very much. But these are great people that they have so many people that the ufc and they've been big fans of us. They love our country. They love our country.

So, you know, way love them. And nobody like our dana. Thank you, dana. Very much.

Great honor. Thank you, man. Tonight we're also praying for everyone throughout the west affected by the devastating wildfires. We want really forest management. We want forest management. My administration is closely coordinating with the state and local leaders with the governor, and we thank the more than 28,000 firefighters and first responders courageously braving the danger and alive.

And I'm going there tomorrow. I'll be going to california tomorrow. We have meetings with fema and all of the different it'll be. It'll be amazing to see. It's a okay, like the biggest we've ever had.

It's crazy. It's crazy. What's going on? Thousands and thousands and thousands of acres.

It's crazy. So we're gonna be there tomorrow will be with the governor. We're also going to various other places we have.

Washington also is in big trouble in oregon, and I spoke with the governor of oregon and they're having they've never had anything like it. And of course, they also have a place called portland and we will put that fire out. Just tell us to put it out. That fire will put out that's so much easier fire to put out, it would take us less than a half hour. We've spent the last four years reversing the damage done by joe biden, all of the damage that him and his thought process has inflicted over a 47 year period.

We passed record setting tax cuts and record setting regulation cuts. We achieved American energy independence. Nobody thought it was possible.

When biden pledged to abolish the production of American oil and shale and clean coal and natural gas, which is very clean and he wanted to ban fracking, we said, no, we're not doing that. For 47 years, biden crushed the dreams of American workers to enrich foreign countries. That's what happened. Look, he says he's gonna change.

He's been there for 47 years and you know that he's been there until 3.5 years ago. So it's not like g hasn't done it for 20. He was there recently. They didn't do it, and you don't change and you always go back to the first statement and his first statement was anti religion. His first statement was anti fracking, anti energy. His first statement was anti all of the things, but it was really anti gun, anti second amendment.

He even put this wet job. He even put baidoa rock, beto. They said baidoa, spanish. I said, how does the beta go with the iraq? They said well, he wanted the spanish vote. So his father calls him beto.

What's that? Does that sound a little bit phony? Because we had a poll today and hispanics are at 52% for trump and 40 something that never happened never happened.

They've never seen that before. E. I love hispanics, but the Democrat champion nafta tpp the horrible South Korea deal. South Korea deal.

Hillary clinton crooked hillary, she said. We will create 250,000 jobs. I say it all the time. We will do this deal with South Korea. We will create 250,000 and she was right, but they were created korea, not for us. We didn't get anything and we re negotiate and he was there for China's entry into the world trade organization earlier this year.

I kept my promise to American workers when we ended the nafta nightmare and we signed the brand new us mexico, canada agree me in the law. Great deal for us. That's a great deal.

And by the way, our stock market is setting records. I hate to say in the middle of ah pandemic, but hopefully as we round that final turn on the pandemic, we're setting records with the stock market. Your 401 case. They're doing very well.

Your stocks are doing very well. And you know what? If something would happen where he'd get in and there's a headwind, believe it or not, that stock market would be much higher. But there's a headwind on the possibility. Okay, is everything is a possibility.

There's a headwind. But I'll tell you what. If he ever got in, you would have a market crash the likes of which this country has never seen before. Just remember it. Just remember it because what they want to do is crazy. The green new deal.

$100 trillion. The green new. That's more money than we could make in 1000 years.

$100 trillion. We don't like that building the windows air too big. What do you do?

Rip it down? No good. That sounds I saved the u.

S. Auto industry by withdrawing from the last administration's job killing catastrophe. The trans pacific partners. And we're building many auto plants. You know that? Some here, but we're building many auto plants in michigan, many auto plants in michigan if we don't win michigan after all those auto plants, and I don't know, but it's been tough, but we want it last time and we're showing a poll that just came out.

There were two points up in michigan. That's very good. It's wrong. I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of American jobs. Biden's agenda is made in China. My agenda is made in the yusa.

That's what for the last four years I've been delivering for our incredible hispanic community, I'm fighting for school choice, safe neighborhoods, low taxes, low regulations on all hispanic owned small business, and they are great business people. And they understood that they understood that they understood it. And by the way, there's nobody that knows our southern border better than I call them the hispanics. I call them latino.

You know, I say, what do you do? You prefer? It's it's very interesting. Some say call us latino.

Others say, call us hispanic. Others say call us whatever the hell you want. We love you. We love. But our hispanic population knows our southern border better than anybody else.

And they don't want criminals coming across. They want people to come across, but they want them to come across legally. And we have the strongest southern border. Now the Democrat and biden would be a disaster for hispanic americans. He's pledged to wage attacks on catholic organizations like the little sisters of the poor.

They're fighting them. He supports taxpayer funded, extreme late term abortion. Extreme late term. He would allow left wing anarchist to burn down your businesses.

He would hand over your jobs to China and your country, to the socialists and beyond. The socialist. The Democrat party also continues to attack our incredible border agents, more than half of whom happened to be hispanic americans. Okay, on their great I don't want to thank not only law enforcement, but a big part of law enforcement of the border patrol and the ice agents there in craft. Okay. You know, the ice agents dana could sign some of them up the ice agents they go into like a pack.

They got a pack. They go into a pack off m s. 13 fighters, thes air criminals. And they do it like it's routine. You don't want that job?

Nobody. I don't see any of the people, male or female, sitting in this audience that wants that job ice. They take out thousands and thousands of m s 13 killers a year and bring them the hell back out of our all around our country, our communities air protected by hispanic American heroes and law enforcement.

And they deserve unwavering gratitude. And I want to just thank you. All one of with us tonight are members of the national border patrol council.

And they are great friends of us. I want to just thank them theophile shal union of our nation's incredible border patrol agents. And you know what?

They're not supposed to do it. But they did it anyway. They endorsed me. I want to thank brandon judd, who's here, and art del kudo art. Where's brandon? Where is my brandon?

Where is brandon? Look at these guys. Look, they were ready. They're ready. Oh, yeah, yeah. Hey, brandon.

All right, so pick out your toughest guy I want to see whether or not he could take colby in a fight. Don't do it. Yeah, thank you very much.

Thanks, fellas. We appreciate it very much. Thanks. Great job, thio.

My administration is achieved the most secure border in American history. We ended catch and release. We stopped asylum fraud. We've deported 20,000 gang members and over half a million criminal alien we built over 320 miles as of today, border wall.

And we're adding 10 new miles every single week. We're doing about 10 miles away and will be finished with the wall very shortly. And you think that was an easy one? That was not an easy one.

We were fought, you know, two things that I say it. Two things that never get old. Remember, the Democrat are saying a war won't work or really tell me about it. War works. That's one of the reasons our numbers are so good.

But two things that will never get all never you know what they are? A wall and a wheel, a wall. And where better get all war? You know, I see so many things and I see all these businesses, computers.

You come up with a new chip, you come up with a new computer, you come up with a new laptop. Three weeks later, you buy it. Three weeks later, it's obsolete. But a wall will never be obsolete and a wheel will never be. Absolutely. You come back in 1000 years of wall in a wheel.

Thanks to our powerful new security measures, we've doubled the amount of meth seized at the border over the last year. We've doubled. Well. We invested $2.5 trillion in the u. S.

Military and launched the first new branch of the u. S. Armed forces and 75 years. The Space Force way past v a choice and va accountability. And I've accomplished maurin 47 months than joe biden did in 47 years. That's right.

Yeah, that's true. I withdrew from the last administration's disastrous Iran nuclear deal. So good for israel.

So good that we did that. They paid $150 billion.1.8 billion in cash. I think dana white could have made a slightly better deal than that. You know what we got for it?

Nothing. We got nothing. We killed the founder and leader of ISIS al baghdadi way eliminated the number one terrorist in the world.

And we're talking over a 50 year period, number one in the world, the mass murderer of American troops and many other people throughout the world. Qassim soleimani is dead. E kept my promise. Recognize the true capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. I recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights. Oh, and we've achieved the two historic peace deals in the Middle East in just the last month, too to over 75 years.

They did too. We did to in a month and many other countries air coming in. The united arab emirates and bahrain have both agreed to normalize relations with is your nobody thought this was possible. In fact, you didn't hear because they don't report this. You know, they just don't want to report it.

But they gave they nominated your President Twice last week on two different subjects for a nobel prize. But but the fake news media didn't cover it so that biden got it, remember? Okay. Remember when when our great president, right barack hussein obama, he got it right like immediately. And they said, why did you get it?

And he was unable to explain, to remember, why did you get it? Because it was like he just became president. They said, we're going to dominate barack hussein obama for the nobel, peace of work, right and what happened and what happen. And then biden said, what about me? They said, who the hell is he? This guy, the hell is he done?

But it's true. Obama got it for no reason whatsoever, rick. You know that. No reason whatsoever.

Joe biden brought you only endless wars. I'm bringing you piece and I'm bringing our troops back home. They're all coming back thing.

Endless wars. Biden voted for the iraq war. He opposed the mission to take out osama bin laden.

He opposed the killing of soleimani. He oversaw the rise of ISIS and he cheered. The rise of China is a positive development for America and the world. When I bared China from coming in highly infected, he said, it was hysterical and xenophobic. If we had listened to joe, hundreds of thousands more americans would have died just by that one move alone. When the thank you.

I agree. Actually, I don't think I'm allowed to say it. When the virus arrived, we launched the largest national mobilization since world war two. We're delivering lifesaving therapies.

We've achieved among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country anywhere in the world. You don't hear this. Europe's excess mortality rate is 24% higher than the u.

S. And despite their very punitive lockdowns there once again seeing very large spikes in cases, unfortunately, the United States has experienced the smallest contraction off any major western nation and the fastest recovery by far. Who's going to do?

And there's a reason for it. Through our historic relief programs, we've saved more than half a million nevada jobs and over 42,000 nevada businesses. We've saved 42,000 of your business.

Biden would terminate this, come back and put your family's a great danger. He would reimpose the federal regulations, destroy your social security, destroy protracted, and you know he's looking at doing all of this stuff. He will destroy protections for pre existing conditions and decimate your 401 case, your retirement system you stocked. He'll establish a national sanctuary city policy for criminal illegal alien. He wants to cut your vet facilities in half, go to socialized healthcare and end 180 million americans.

Private health care plans, which they love. Biden pledges to oppose school choice, and he stated that if elected charter schools are gone and charter schools have been growing in a second term, I'll provide school choice to every parent in America. A vote for Republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs, a limitless future for all americans. It's really a vote for the American dream. That's what it is.

It's the American dream versus the American nightmare. Instead of letting washington change us, despite all that we've been through, we are changing washington. So in concluding this wonderful afternoon and again, don, thank you very much.

But in concluding this wonderful afternoon, and if the governor comes after you, which you shouldn't be doing, I'll be with you all the way. Don't worry about it. Over the next four years will be making America into the manufacturing superpower of the world, and we'll end our reliance on China once and for all.

We will make our medical supplies right here in the United States. We will rapidly returned to full employment, soaring economies and record prosperity. We will expand opportunity zones and we will continue cutting taxes and regulations at a level that nobody has ever seen before. We will hire more police, increased penalties for assaults and law enforcement.

Surge federal prosecutors in the high crime communities, and we'll be watching the ballots very closely. Also about on we will ban sanctuary cities. We will appoint prosecutors, judges and justices who believe in enforcing the law, not in enforcing their own agenda. We will ensure equal justice for citizens of every race, color, religion and create way will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life.

Way will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms. We will strike down terrorists to threaten our citizens, and we will keep America out of these endless, ridiculous foreign wars. Well coming way will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. $2.5 trillion have the strongest military we've ever had. Beautiful brand new equipment when I took it over was totally depleted.

Our military we have the greatest equipment that any military has ever even conceived of things that people have no idea what we have. And let's keep it that way. We will end surprise medical billing. Require price transparency already signed further reduce health insurance premiums and the costs of prescription drugs will be dropping like a rock very soon.

The drug companies do not like me too much. It's a favorite nations laws. I saw we will strongly protect medicare, and your social security will be totally secure.

And we will always protect patients with pre existing conditions. America will land. The first woman in the moon in the United States will be the first nation tow land. An astronaut on mars. When I took over, nasa was a shell of itself.

It was closed. It was they had grass growing in the runways, grass growing in the runways. Now it's the number one space center in the world. By far, we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education. Thio, would you like that? We will teach our children to love our country.

Honor our history had always respect our great American flag. We will live by the timeless words of our national model in God we trust, and we're going to keep it. For years, you had a President Who apologize for America. Now you have a President Who is standing up for America and standing up for your state nevada. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co workers. And on november 3rd or sooner, get out and vote from carson city toe elko from las vegas to arena from minden, too.

Right here in henderson, we stand on the shoulders of red blooded American patriots who poured out their hearts, sweat and soul to secure our liberty and defend our great freedom. Nevada was founded by pioneers and prospectors, miners and cowboys, innovators and trailblazers who tamed the frontier, raised up the mighty hoover dam, transformed a sprawling desert into a shining oasis and inspired the world with the brilliant lights of the vegas strip. Are American ancestors made this into the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth, and we're going to make it greater than ever before? That's what we're doing. Proud citizens like you helped build this country on together.

We are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people with your help, your devotion and your drive. We are, you know, the story. Going to keep on working, going to keep on fighting and going toe like these guys keep on winning.

Winning, winning. You hear that? Kobe? You hear that, justin? Okay, he's fighting a tough customer, but I don't know. I think maybe I'm in vegas off the places the President Allowed to place a bet.

I don't know. He'll say the President Of the United States just place to bats justin and colby. I don't know. I don't know. But they are great.

Be easy money. Well, maybe not that easy. E don't know. It's that easy. We are one movement, one people, one family in one glorious nation under God on together with the incredible people of nevada, we will make America wealthy again. Way will make America strong again.

Way will make America proud again. Way will make America safe again. On we will make America great again. Thank you. Thank you, everybody. Thank you.