ID: CSPANDT219202067
Title: President Trump Campaign Remarks in Swanton, Ohio
Date: 2020-09-21

wow. Brown is a big ground. Yeah, thank you very much. Everybody and hello to swanton and hello to toledo. And I'm thrilled to be back in ohio with thousands of hard working, loyal, great American patriots.

43 days from now. Can you believe it? 43. We're going to again win ohio. I understand.

From bob. Bedu check. You know, bob, that we're gonna win it by more than we did.

What? We win it. Nine. We won by nine points. I just came into that big, beautiful planes. Got more televisions than any plane in history.

They've got televisions and closets and bathrooms on the floor on the ceilings. And I just saw that were tied in ohio. I don't think so.

Mm. They say President Trump may have a slim lead in ohio. They're not even campaigning in ohio. Come to this now. They're fake polls. They're almost a fake assed.

The writers himself. They're all fake. Remember last time they said no.

He's going to lose ohio. We won by nine points. So we had seven swing states last time.

President trump is going to go home early. But it wasn't President At that time. It was just donald trump. He will go home early. And we did. We went home early.

Is victor's right? But we had way had nine states. They had one of the crazy papers, new york times. You know, they hired that guy. They paid a million because he never predicted wrong.

He was wrong. I don't know if they had a contract where they could fire, but they hired this guy. We had nine states.

I was down in all of them. On the day of the election, I was gonna lose all nine, and I guess what I want every one of them. Fake polls, fake polls. Way have a crowd like this.

I don't know. Look, you know where the cameras are you turning around? These guys are bad people.

I swear. They never turned the cameras around. Ever turn them around, turn them around.

They never look at them. There's just like a bunch of stiffs. Rail steps.

Why don't you turn the cameras around for once? You know, you look back there, you can't see it. There's gotta be.

Feels like feels like madison square garden on the ground. Except we have more people. Oh, boy.

It's always tough, you know, we go through this all the time. We're always asking him. Look at these crafts. I mean, as far you can't see it.

You have this prime territory like you should be in the real estate business now, as far as the eye can see back there, the cameras don't they don't get it. You only hear it from the sound. I go home, I say to the first lady, did you see that crowd we had tonight in ohio? And she goes, no, no, they just keep it on your face. That includes fox. They just keep it here right here.

They don't want to show, you know what they don't know and what they don't get is that showing this kind of activity is a good thing for them. It's positive for their ratings. It's really a good thing, but they don't want to do it. But I give up on it.

You know what you dio you hear it because you can't have, you know, when sleepy joe biden. He's got the circles. You know those big circles and you know why?

Here's the circles. He's got four of them because they can't. I mean, think of it. He is a guy who's failed. Every time he ran, we called him 1% joe, and now he's shot and he got their nomination.

How the hell does that work out? How does that work out. But he's got the circles. You get, like, four. Sometimes he has six. Because that's a good way of saying, if you don't have any people, just put him in the circle and he's practicing the science now.

It doesn't work out, but we're gonna win four more years in the white House. We're doing things that nobody has ever done before. We're doing what nobody's ever done. And thank you for being here. You know, I wish we could move the press back further if you want to know the truth as our nation mourns the loss of supreme court justice.

Thank you, everybody. Thank you. So is our nation. Mourns the loss of supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg. I will soon announce a nominee for the United States supreme court.

They say it's the most important thing the President Can do. I don't know. I think military maybe, you know, we rebuilt your military $2.5 trillion. Yeah. Okay.

Okay. Great way. Will fill that seat. Going to go quickly. Probably announced the person.

I don't want to make the men to angry. It will be a woman. Is that okay?

I don't wanna have a problem with men. They'll say trump is doing very poorly with men. You know, you listen. How's he doing? What?

He's doing very poorly with men, with women. He's doing very poorly with the black community, hispanic community. And then you have the election night doing very poorly with those with diploma without diploma, college phds. What's he doing? Well, oh, no. It's gonna be a very short night.

Then they say donald trump is the projected winner by a lot. And they say, well, what happened is he did very well with women. Did very well with men. Diplomas. He did well with african American community.

By the way, we are doing really well with the african American community with the hispanic community. We're doing well with women were doing very well. We're doing well with suburbia.

Suburbia, you know, I ended a regulation that will destroy suburbia. If biden got in, they will destroy the suburbia. We call it suburbia of the world. And we love it. I know it well. Westchester county, the suburban, they sometimes it's if you say suburban housewife, you're in deep trouble.

So what you do is you say suburban women, they love me. You know why they want security and they don't want projects being right next to their House. That's okay. They don't want it. And by the way, that includes minorities.

Because 29 to 30% of the suburban communities are minorities, and that includes them. They don't want that. They want safe communities. They want great communities they don't wanna have.

They don't wanna lose the American dream. It's very simple. I got rid of the regulation from obama biden that was destroying suburbia. Okay, destroying it. And I think suburbia has gotta wake up because if they get in, you know who's in charge, you know who's in charge of the program? Cory booker, cory booker, cory booker.

So I think the suburban women and suburban men and husbands and wives and everybody you better get smart because you're not gonna have your dream very much longer if they get in. If I get in, you've got it. You've also got your second amendment.

If I get it in 2018, we expanded the Senate majority, remember? They said, first of all, I wasn't running. I wasn't running. It makes a difference when you see what happens, we're gonna take back the House.

We're gonna get rid of this crazy nancy pelosi. Kevin mccarthy has done a great job. We're gonna take back the House. People are so tired of her. People are so tight.

Did you hear today? The latest. So they impeached me for perfect phone call. Perfect. It was a perfect phone call. Now they want to impeach me again.

If I nominate somebody, as I'm constitutionally obligated to do to serve on the supreme court of the United States, go ahead and I want them. I want them to do that. I want them to way. We will.

If he puts for hey highly qualified candidate, we will impeach him. And I said, I'm the only guy in the world that could get impeached for trying to fill a seat in the supreme. So we're going to put up our nominee who is going to be outstanding. We're looking at five incredible jurors.

Five incredible people, women that are extraordinary in every way. I mean, honestly, could be anyone, but we're gonna be announcing it on friday or saturday, and again, they say it's the most important thing and think of it. So in a single term, single term, by the end of our term, we will have nominated and had confirmed.

I think it will end up being over 300 federal judges on hopefully three supreme court justices. Think of that. Three.

You know, some presidents, they never get any. They last a long time. A lot of presidents getting done.

We've had three. It's blowing their minds, blowing their minds. But for the people of ohio, this is what you want. So it looks like we're going to have three, and it's gonna be very exciting. It's exciting, even for may. I'm gonna look forward to it.

Probably saturday we will announce the nominee, and if somebody that you're gonna have great respect for great respect, thank you big stuff. That's a big thing. You know, they set the course of our country for many years to come, whether it's on life for the second amendment or so many other things, they set the whole course of the country very important position. The most important.

Joe biden has refused to list the names of his potential justices because he knows there too extreme to withstand any form of public review. If joe biden and the Democrat take power, they will pack the supreme court with far left radicals who will unilaterally transform American society far beyond recognition. They will mutilate the lord, just figure the constitution and imposed a socialist vision from the bench that could never pass at the ballot box. So they don't want to show the judges because the only ones that he can put in our far left radicals and if he does something even toward left of center, which would be acceptable, I guess we have no choice. If he did that, he would lose the left. So he's gonna have to put in radicals so he doesn't want to show who his judges.

I've shown all a list, have a double list about 45 from which I will only pick. But he doesn't want to do that. Because if you found out who he was gonna pick, he would be unelectable. Hopefully, he's gonna be unelectable anyway. We're gonna find that so he wouldn't be able to survive a joe biden. You wouldn't be able to survive, you know, we've been calling it socialism.

I don't think it's socialism. I think it's a step beyond what they're talking about. You look at portland, you look at chicago, you look at new york, you look at baltimore and oakland thes air Democrat run cities that are horrible on crime.

There's no law and order, no cash bail, no anything. And you know what? The Republican city's air running great. They're running great.

And so we're going to get it all changed around. We went into minneapolis, we solved the problem like you wouldn't believe. What did it take? You saw what did that take? I would say probably 30 minutes, right?

They should have called us in about seven days earlier. How about the reporter? He gets up there.

Behind him is a burning city. I never saw anything like it, and he's saying there were really no protest here. This is very friendly, and we call this a friendly protester because you're not supposed to have political rallies.

You're not supposed to have anything. Three. Only thing you can have is thousands of people running down the street burning stores, looting doing that. That's okay, because that's pro testing, but we'll call this a friendly protest, but your children will be robbed of their future and the damage will endure for generations to come.

We have to win. This is the most important election in the history of our country. In my opinion, I and a lot of that's got to do with the fact that, you know, we're gonna have one extra.

But we didn't think this was going to happen. But I used to say, just a week ago, we're gonna have 1234 and maybe even five. The next President And the supreme court is going to be a tremendous fact. A lot of people said that's the reason I won so easily in the electoral college last time.

3063062 to 23. He will not get 2 to 70. Remember, he will not get to do 70. This will be a short evening for donald trump. Oh, good riddance. Thank God we got rid of all this is gonna be great.

And then a problem happened. Ladies and gentlemen, donald trump has won the state of ohio, remember? Remember the one? She was crying. She was crying. Donald trump is one ohio, but it wasn't winning ohio.

It was by the margin where the hell, he said. Where did this margin come from? They opened the polls and they closed.

The polls normally have to wait hours unless it's a total run away. They said the polls and the doors were closed in ohio. Donald trump is what and they go, oh, mother.

But wait a minute. He won by nine points. What the hell is going on over here?

Then they said, donald trump has won the state of florida. Donald trump has won the state of georgia. Donald trump has won north carolina, south carolina, all right, remember that it was that the most exciting evening member on it's not donald trump. It's you. It's all of us. It's not that they used the name donald tis.

It's all of us have one, because it's just gonna be on. This one's gonna be even better because nobody has done. And they don't even challenges the factors nobody has done in 3.5 years. What we've done, we've rebuilt our military $2.5 trillion. We've taken care of our vets way, have choice way, have accountability. We can fire people now where they don't treat our vets, right?

We couldn't do that before they could treat our vets terribly. We have accountability. Nobody has done what we've done for our vets. 91% approval rating at the va. 91% the highest ever. Okay, so noy is done.

And that's why I think this is gonna be the most important of all. I used to say, well, I don't know. How does it compare to 2016?

I just gave that up. This is the most important election, you know why? Two reasons. Number one that's over with the hell with it. That's the hell of it.

But the truth is, this is really gonna be that's gonna see it. It's got a seat in, and we have a lot of new things, including additional substantial middle income tax cuts and other tax cuts and and tremendous regulation cuts. And we're finishing up with our military, you know?

We're building Space Force. The wall is going incredibly. Yeah, wall.

They don't talk about the wall anymore. The fake that, you know, once we started building at it. Do you think that was easy to build the wall we had an entire party that would die for the fact that I made a terrible mistake in the wall.

Instead of telling you we're gonna build a wall, we're gonna build a wall that Democrat formed. It was very tough, but I got it. I'm a real estate developer. You could always got money killer.

We have a lot of little pockets. We had a lot of big pockets, but the military was great. The army corps of engineers were great. So up there were up to 330 miles of wall. We're doing 10 miles a week on. We're gonna be finished with the wall very soon on it's exactly the wall.

The little more expensive wall they want. Like, nice, expensive. But exactly what? Border patrol one. And we're building them.

The exact wall that they want way can't give them any excuses. Way can't give them any excuses. But, you know, it's true.

They used to talk about the wall all the time because they never thought I'd be able to get it built right. Once I got to go on, got it built, I got the financing. We won a lot of lawsuits by the way, way had we won a lot of lawsuits. They suit us. Pelosi was suing.

This Congress was suing. The Senate were suing us. We want a lot of losses.

Once it was obvious that we won and we started building. They never talk about the wall anymore. And I made a terrible, terrible mistake because I don't work my off to get that thing built.

You have no idea. You have no idea, no idea. But I should have said the mistake. I should have said when I talked to these big crowds and the crowds are getting bigger.

There's more enthusiasm now. Way ever had four years ago, but I should have said instead of we will build a wall instead of we will build a wall. I kept, we will build a wall place would go crazy.

I should have said we will not build the wall. Under no circumstances will we build a wall. The Democrat would have given us all the money we want strong. It's true, and then they would have said, see, he didn't keep his campaign promise.

These people are sick. The biden nominated justices will shred our second amendment eliminate the right to self defense and allow the government to confiscate your privately owned firearms. You know that put in other language, they will end your second amendment. Okay, they will. By the way, if I wasn't here, you wouldn't have a second amendment right now. That would be gone.

You know, I hate to say it. I'm the only thing standing between you and chaos, I'm telling you. And second amendments and all of the other. Well, thank you. Biden's justices will remove the words under God from the pledge of allegiance.

Did you see that? Did you see it? They said no, we never removed.

And I saw it there during the pledge of allegiance. And I said, oh, there must be a typo. They left the words under God out of the pledge of allegiance.

The Democrat and I said, oh, there's a typo, typo, they made a mistake! What a stupid mistake! Can you believe it? That guy's in big trouble. What a stupid mistake!

And then I heard of the second time they did. The same mistake I said was, that's what they're doing. They're going to take God out of everything. Just like they want to knock down the statue of george washington, abraham lincoln, thomas jefferson. And it's never happening on.

It's never happening. You know, a lot of these Democrat states you see it. The church is a close.

They don't want our churches toe. You could have a riot where you kill people in the streets. 25,000 people don't have to wear masks. Nothing. They could march down the streets, step on each other's face. They could do whatever the hell they want.

That's ok, but you can't go to church. They have ideas, they have plans. And it's never happening with me. Is your President That I could do what is file on? You see if they want to tear down crosses from public spaces. You see it?

You know, since I signed a little law, you know, they were ripping down a lot of statues about four months ago, right? And I said, do we have any laws like old laws? When they were strong, when we were smart, when we were tough?

Sir, we have one, sir. A General Came and watched the law. General. Sir, there was a law from quite a while ago. 10 years in prison. They didn't use the word jail.

Prison prisons are tough, I said, what do you mean? You got 10 years in prison if you're knocked down a statue or if you're knocked down a monument. E said, general, let me see that sucker.

Please bring that to my office and we revived it because you can't get that approved by Congress. They would never do today in Congress. You do it. They'll give you half a day and in a hotel someplace. So 10 years. So they're having a big march on washington in two days.

And I signed this new law. We've updated it, and it was 10 years. You get 10 years in prison, you touch, you knock down a monument and there's no games.

This is the old days, thistles. The days when we had strong laws, when we had real laws, when we had real politicians that knew how to make laws. So here's the thing.

So they were going to come in. They were actually looking to knock down the statue of a man named thomas jefferson. That's not too good. Okay, they had obliterated a lot of different things and so I had a news conference. I announced that I'm signing a law that anybody that knocks down a monument or statue gets 10 years in jail. And the police in washington.

And we had national guard. We had secret service. We were already for him. We were gonna have. We were ready for him on the time came. That was only a problem.

Nobody showed up. You know why 10 years was too much. 10 years was too much. It's amazing. The way isn't it amazing the way it all works. So instead, they burned down portland.

I speak to the governor. I speak about the mayor is hopeless. He's a hopeless, poor, poor guy. They chased them out of his apartment and he still thinks they're wonderful people. They're burning down the city.

But I want to go in there with the national guard so bad it would take us 15 minutes to solve the problem when they heard in seattle that we were going in, you know, we're going in the next day, the guys just walked away. They left. That was the end of it.

We had nothing to do. But they want to ban all prayer in public schools and require taxpayers to fund extreme late term abortion. Biden's justices will erase national borders. They don't want borders, protect sanctuary cities and compel the unlimited entry of foreign nationals. If you look at some of these jihadist nations, no, thank you, somebody said, that's not nice. It's not politically correct.

I said. That's okay. They'll cripple the police departments. Free violent criminals shield foreign terrorists on declare the death penalty unconstitutional even for the most depraved mass murderers who kill women and children, that's what they want.

They don't want any death penalty. Not for the boston bomber, not for anybody. You see the boston bomber? They're still trying this guy, what he did to so many lives. He ruined, killed people, ruined so many families, ruined so many lives in three and a and by the way, they want the boston bomber to be ableto no, that in 3.5 years under my administration, we've secured America's borders, rebuilt the awesome power of the United States military, obliterated the ISIS caliphate 100% fixed our disastrous trade deals and brought jobs and factories back to the great state of ohio. I love.

I love. I don't know what it is. I was told by bob and some of the congressmen that here we have some great ones. They're gonna introduce him in a second.

But I was told that they're not even trying for ohio. You know why? Because I love you and you love me, and that's the way it is. That's a very well.

Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. I love you. You know, it's very interesting.

So somebody in the fake news media did a story yesterday because this crazy chances going on, they have to about the seat, you know all that. But there was another chance that's happening at all. These rallies were having massive rallies. We're in minnesota. We had a tremendous crowd.

Wisconsin, tremendous pennsylvania. Every one of them. I mean, no fairness like this, everyone.

But this rent is going on like it's crazy. And it's we love you. We love you. We love you know what I don't want to say? I'm just saying they have not been able to find in the history of politics in this nation. Even we loved ronald reagan.

But we have they have not been able to find where people broke out and said, we love you about I guess I have to call myself a politician. I don't feel like a you know. How nice is that? I never heard it. I've been to a lot of different speeches and rallies. I've never heard crowds go.

We love you. But you know why we love you. I love you.

But you know why? Because again, nobody has done what we've done. Ohio had the best year in its history. Last year we had a great year.

And next year, assuming we win, which I hope we're gonna win. But if we win, you're gonna have a year next year. First, we'll take a look at the third quarter. It's going to be announced the numbers just before the election.

It'll come out three days before the election. And I'll tell you what. I'll better the numbers even though crazy nancy and these people don't want to give any stimulus, they don't want to give anything. They want to keep a lot of states close wherever they can. You know what they're gonna do?

They're going to announce, uh, they're gonna be opening on november 4th they'll be open all these clothes, states. They're gonna be open in november 4th. One of them blew it. A teachers union.

Did you see it? No. We don't wanna open now. We don't want to open the pandemic pandemic. We don't wanna we're rounding the turn of the pandemic vaccines air coming soon, but we don't wanna open.

Uh, november 4th. We're gonna open this. This person that's in charge of a union said that that was not good. I think they'll get rid of her quickly. I'm also proud that we have successfully brought back the big 10 and the ohio state right.

You better have a good year after all of that. You have a good team, right? Good coach. Good team.

Good. Everything. You have a good team. You always have a good tape. But, you know, there was a case. I was sort of talk.

What do I know? I said I said, how's it going? Everything good I started.

They said, sir. Sleepy joe biden didn't add that you me, that you close football? I said, what do you mean, that close? I didn't close.

I think I did it. It's called disinformation. Is called the opposite of what the fact is, not only didn't I close, I didn't think about it too much. Okay, the state should all be open.

But I heard about big 10 football, and because of this ad, I said, hey, wait a minute, I haven't idea it was a fake ad just like the ad on the grave sites. And that allows me to say that this man is a gross incompetence. He has no idea, because now see, I would never talk like that. But when I saw that horrible thing and nobody's done more for the military than I have when I saw that horrible ad, an anonymous source has said that donald trump said this.

I have 28 people now that have come forward saying it's a total lie they don't care. So they didn't add once they did that, I said, well, now the gloves are off. Let's face it, joe biden is incompetent.

He always waas even in prime time. Hey was incompetent, prime time, and now he's really incompetent. But because of the ad, I said, you know, it's very interesting that at its very interesting, let me call up the commission. I called up the commissioner very good guy and I said, commissioner, what can we do to get big 10 football back? Well, I don't know that we started. We started a little thing.

The commissioner myself, one of my guys is fantastic. And within a few days it started getting talked about and then we kept it going and we helped him with some testing because we have the greatest testing in the world we get no credit for. We've tested almost 100 million people.

India is second with 38 and they have a they have 1.5 million people, slightly more than you. But I will tell you so all of a sudden they have schools. Then it looked like it was gonna open without michigan and without a couple of states. And then all of a sudden the pressure became so great and the full league is opening now and it's going to be very exciting and and I will tell you it's not a question taking credit, but truly we were the ones that did that, you know. I'll tell you when I do it or what, but it was closed it was gone.

It was announced that it was closed, and what really spurred me on was when sleepy joe announced that I was the one that did it. I said I didn't even know it was closed. But once I found out, it was I called the commissioner. He was really good at it. And we called a couple of the top people at the universities and they got it going. It looked like we had seven schools, eight schools.

All of a sudden, everybody fell in the line. I think they're all open now. They're all every one of them is participating. So I wanna thank the commissioner. I wanna thank all of those schools.

Yes, may the best team win. In other words, ohio state. That's a you know who the best proponents were, the players, and especially the parents of the players. You know, these kids have a short window to get into the nfl to create some excitement and how good they are, and you have a lot of potential players. But they couldn't play football and they said we're safer on the field that we are staying at home and they meant it and we did something and I'm happy about it.

So enjoy the football. Enjoy it. Under 16 years of President Obama and bush, median household income rose only $2945. So remember that that's 16 years. 2009.

So let's say 3000. Under three years of President Trump, it rose almost $7000. Okay, so think of that 16 years, three years achieving the highest median income in the history of our country. In my first three years, we lifted 6.6 million people out of poverty.

The largest poverty reduction of any President In the history of our country. Way built the greatest economy in the history of the world. And we're doing it again. We're building it again. You know, I see those signs to make America great, making America great again.

So I say this. It's called now make America great again. Again?

Yeah, way did it. And then we had to close it up. We saved millions of lives, and we didn't do that. You would have three million people. It would have been terrible.

Would have been just it's terrible. Anyway, they shouldn't have allowed it to happen. China to defeat the China virus we launched the largest mobilizations since world war two.

Through pioneering therapies. We reduce the fatality rate 85% since april. Think of that.

That's remedy severe and all of the things. The plasma, all different things. What do you see? What's coming out? Europe is almost 30% greater excess mortality rate than the United States. And that's before today's big break out.

You know, they had a big break out in Europe and they keep saying in the fake news, they keep saying about, oh, Europe, Europe, Europe, well, we're doing better than Europe and I hate to see what happened, and it had a big impact on the market today because it was a bad thing, but they had a big hit and they'll take care of it. They know how to do it, they'll take care of it. And we're working very closely with Europe and other countries, including on the vaccine. We have three vaccines right now, that air right there, there, right of the starting gate, and they're going to be fantastic.

So it's cold. And with biden, if you had that regime, you wouldn't be you'd be three years away because they would have never gotten out of the fda. What we've done in a very safe manner is amazing.

Now remember this. Biden was in charge of the swine flu, right? It's called the h one n one. Remember? He calls it the n one h one.

I said no, no, no, no. H comes before the end. It's so easy.

But he goes the only one h one we say no, but it's the swine flu. Maybe we just got the swine flu. He did such a gross, horrible job on that.

And his own man who was in charge of it, said they didn't have a clue. They didn't know what they were doing. It was far like I was much less lethal disease.

And they lost many, many people, many, many people. It was totally incompetently. And now I got this guy standing up. Well, we're giving him advice. His own guy that ran it. Did everybody see this is saying they didn't they didn't have a clue what they were doing.

It was so bad. I don't know why the hell he said it, to be honest with you, who would say that maybe because he was honest does that make sense? And now biden gets up and he's telling and he's saying to do the same things as we've already. He basically took our plan and he said, this is what you should do but we have among the lowest case fatality rates of any major country in the world and the fastest economic recovery by far of any western nation by far are bold and early action, saved millions of lives and are decisive economic response. Save tens of millions of jobs, including 1.9 million jobs in the state of ohio.

You know that he knows he's got one of them. He's got one of through operation warp speed. We're developing these great vaccines, and that's gonna be literally these will be done in record time like nobody's ever done it before. On november 3rd, ohio will decide whether we end the pandemic and return thio record prosperity or whether we allow sleepy joe biden and his group of incompetence to delay the vaccine shut down the country. He actually suggested that he would shut down the country. We now know the disease.

We didn't know it. Now we know it. It effects elderly people, elderly people with heart problems and other problems. If they have other problems, that's what it really effects. That's it. You know, in some states, thousands of people, nobody young below the age of 18.

Like nobody, they have a strong immune system. Who knows you? Look, you take your hat off to the young because they have a hell of an immune system, but it effects virtually nobody. Its's an amazing thing, by the way, open new schools. Everybody open new schools.

Sleepy joe biden wants to impose a $4 trillion tax site the an American energy. Destroy the suburbs, give free healthcare to illegal aliens. How about that one?

And you know the bad part about that way? All have heart. We want to take care of people. Problem with that is, everybody's gonna come to the United States. People that weren't even thinking about they're going to say, oh, man, thes idiots were given free health care, free college education.

They've given free everything. They're given a rolls royce to every family that enters through the southern. Remember I said that jokingly and cnn said he misrepresented.

They're not getting a rolls razor. I agree. No, they're sick.

They are sick and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti American lives. They're doing that with stopping to combat the toxic left wing propaganda in our schools. I announced last week that we're launching a pro American lesson plan for students called 17 76 commission way will teach our children the truth about America, that we are the most exceptional nation on the face of the earth and we are getting better and better all the time.

We got it. No party can lead America that will not teach our children to love America. No worries. Biden's running mate, kamala, who likes camilla, does anybody.

She was the most failed candidate in the entire. I mean, she started off good and every week she went down down 15 points, 12 points, 11 points, nine points, six points, 5.4 points, two points. Didn't she leave it about two or one? She was heading down to the basement.

She was so mean to him. I felt sorry for him. No, I did. I felt sorry she was.

So she called him everything from a racist to a me to her. He was a me too. He was a part of the me too. Generation what?

She called him what she said. So I brilliantly said, well, he can't pick pocahontas because she was too nasty. How nasty was she? The bloomberg was she unbelievable, boy, he was standing there. What happened? What happened?

Actually, what what happened? Mini mike. He's another beauty.

He's a really beauty mini mike. What happened? What the hell happened?

He hit her so hard. Remember, she hits him with about 30 different things. And and I'm not talking about our president. He thought she was talking about may can you believe? And I'm not talking.

I'm talking about you. He said, what? Get me out of here.

Get me out of here. And now he wants to buy his way back into the Democrat party. He wants to buy his way back into the Democrat. He hasn't taken enough abuse. If I were him, I sort of either write it out. We'll stay with a good teconomy and get even richer.

You know, biden's running mate even heard supporters toe help the bail rioters out of jail. You saw that, including one who attempted to murder a police officer on the man accused of sexually assaulting an eight year old child. Now they're trying to free them on bail. They're putting up the money to get him out. Biden's plan to appease the domestic terrorists.

And that's what it is that my plan is to arrest the domestic terrorists. And that's what we many people in jail way. Remember what I told you about the monuments? Just remember, it is the beautiful way. Don't see that anymore, do you? Have you seen a monument knocked down recently?

No way. Don't see it anymore. I don't know. Way wanna rip down, right, abraham lincoln? You know it got the lincoln first. It was people.

Not too many people heard him. Confederate soldiers, etcetera. You know, you say, hey, look, you know, do it through a process. But they started hitting lincoln. Then they hit gandhi.

Now gandhi was about peace. Gandhi just wanted be sleeping alone. Peace, peace, peace.

Let's rip them down. They're sick people. The Democrat parties. War on cops has already led to a surge and vicious murders in Democrat control cities costing countless black lives. If biden in the left gained power, they will dismantle police departments nationwide.

I'll tell you, the community that's most hurt, most hurt by what they're doing and there is the black community, the hispanic community, as president, and we're doing great in the polls with the black community and the hispanic community, right on the asian community. We're doing great. In fact, we did so well last night.

On one pole, they said it must be a typo. They must be an era wasn't there's no era. You're gonna find out on november 3rd. It's no era. Oh, as president, I was always stand and I will always stand with the men and women of law enforcement, all right, the great people, very brave people, not easy. And they don't get support.

We have to give them back their dignity. We have to let them do their job. That's very simple. They're great. We're joined tonight by two high school football players.

They became very family. They became very, very famous. They became more famous than President Trump.

They were beautiful. I watched them running through the the crowds with those flags, and here's some place. I don't get a lot of people here. We're gonna try and figure it out. Hold up your flag.

Jared bentley and brady williams, who were recently suspended from the high school football team after displaying flags in support of our police and first responders on the anniversary of september 11th attacks. Where are they? Yeah, come up here, fellas. Come on. Come up here. Come up.

Secret service is thrilled about this. See, these thes young kids can hop over the fence like it's nothing. I'm up here. They're good looking kids, so I want to congratulate you. You become famous, they're gonna go to hollywood.

They're gonna become movie actors right now. Great. You feel good about it? Uh, how's your team doing?

How's your team House? Uh huh. He said it could be better. You know what? You're doing great.

And everybody out here loves you, and they appreciate it. All right. Thank you again for the great job. It's good like that.

Good luck. Is your arm okay? All right. Good. Good guys.

Guys. That's right. So, jared and brady, thank you for supporting the heroes and our law enforcement. We all love you. I'm telling you, they were you really set something up.

That's incredible. And thank your parents for letting you do what I watched. You had to get you ask your parents approval. Isn't that nice? And you know what the father said. You better do it right.

That's great. Thank you very much, fellas. Great job. Really great job. Country is a lot of respect. And speaking about warriors were also joined tonight by some great great Congressman Who are warriors, and they represent ohio so well, and they love you.

And they love our country. Representative bob lotte. Okay. Thank you, bob.

Great job. They like you, bob. It's very good.

Good job. Thank you very much. Congressman warren davidson. You know warren. Thank you, warren. Great job one and Congressman Mike turner.

Great lawyer, actually. Thank you, mike. Great job.

Like, really great ohio treasure. Robert sprague. Robert. Thank you. Thank you. Good treasure.

Ohio auditor keith favor. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. Good. Ohio House Speaker Bob cup dread.

Thank you, bob. Great job. Ohio Senate President Larry. Oh, bob. Thank you.

Thank you, larry. Papa. Papa. Larry is a good man.

How's it going? Very good. You're doing a good job. Uh huh. You're doing good. How are we doing, larry?

Is it going good? He said you're right about that. You're doing a great job. Thanks. I appreciate ohio gop chairman jane timken.

She's unbelievable. Thank you, jane. How are we doing, jane? How's it going? How does it compare to four years ago?

Jane? Up higher. All right.

Good. I think we are. I think we are. And a friend of mine that I'll tell you this is the greatest optimist. When I thought we had to be down, we lost a lot of the top top support. The head of the Republican party.

Little things like that. I said we don't have a head of the Republican party. He left because you had a terrible governor of this state. Terrible. Your previous governor was terrible.

He was terrible. And I'll tell you, I got this man. I didn't know him. And within about a week I said, man, this guy's a big optimist and he was right.

He called it right to that. He was my he ran my campaign. And when it came back for the second time, we had him in a high position.

I said, bob, I think you're great. You're doing a great job. I want you back in ohio.

We have to do it again. Bob penn. Do check.

Where's bob? Thank you. Thank you.

Bob. Get over here. Thank you, bob. He wants no glamour.

He wants no glory. He just wants to win. And he called it right down to the bone. We had a rough couple of days.

I said, bob, how're we doing? You went up two points. I said, you gotta be kidding. But you know, we did. We had so much, so much evolves around ohio and it's just a state that we have a relationship with.

You know, it's a great state. We've done a great job for you. And you've done a great job for us that we appreciate it very much.

Thanks. Together we've spent the last four years reversing the damage done by the Democrat and joe biden over a 47 year period. Think of it, he's always talking about you should have done this. You should have done that. You know, he really just left office. It's not that long ago, right?

He's been there for years and years, and now he should have done. He's never going to do anything he's never going to do any guy is a stone cold loser. Biden supported every globalist sell out of ohio workers for over half a century, including nafta, China's entry into the world trade organization. The disaster known is tpp and the how about the paris climate accord? That's another beauty, I'll tell you that one that was designed to hurt our country, you would have lost trillions of dollars, closed your factories all over the place.

In the meantime, China didn't kick in for another 10 years. The whole thing was a rig deal, I tell you, I said, I'm going to get killed for this one, but we're going to terminate on. You know what? The people got it right away. Everybody understood that was another rip off of our country.

This state lost one and three manufacturing jobs after the nafta and China disaster. Joe biden is a shameless phony who pretends, you know he's not. Even he doesn't have a clue what the hell were talking like. He knows he's got guys around him that are pretty smart, their radical left. He's going to do whatever they tell him to do. He pretends to care about blue collar workers after spending more than five decades in washington.

He tells me, why did you do this? Why didn't you do that? You see these fake commercials? Why did you do it?

I said, I've only been here 3.5 years. This guy has been here for 47 years. He didn't do anything. History says when you're here for 47 years and you fail, it's not gonna happen. But he was closing your factories, opening your borders, outsourcing your jobs on inflicting economic carnage on your towns. And you know that and I came along and you had the greatest couple of years you've ever had to save our auto industry.

I withdrew from the trans pacific partnership was a horror. My actions saved countless jobs across ohio and here in toledo, the home of the jeep, right, the home of the jeep. That's good.

That's a great brand. That's they've done a great job with jeep jeep. Everyone loves jeep. Earlier this year, I kept my promise to ohio. When we ended the nafta nightmare, I proudly signed the brand new us mexico canada agreement into law.

That's a big difference, like day and night. It's working out great to it's working out great. You know how I know that it's a good deal for us because they don't like it.

I took the toughest ever action to stand up to China's rampant theft of ohio jobs. We achieved American energy. We pass record tax cuts and regulations are energy. Independence is incredible. We have now energy independence. We don't have to be in these far away lands anymore.

Now will be there to help certain allies that have been great. But we don't have to be. Since my election, natural gas production in ohio has surged 63%. They want to close it up.

By the way, you do know they want to close it up. They want to close up all fracking natural gas every they want to close it up. This would kill at least 700,000 ohio jobs. Probably more than a million. Well, I'm president. America will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on ohio.

Workers will continue leading the world. I just left the great state of texas, and I talked to a lot of people like this. A great crowd of people.

We have tremendous support all over the country. I'll tell you what. These people are great. And here's here's the platform that they have. Sleepy joe biden.

No oil, no religion, no God and no guns. Now I'm in texas. It's really rough being in hell. But now we're talking texas. No oil. That doesn't work well in texas, right?

No guns that doesn't work while in taxes. No. God, that that look what they're doing to the churches and everything that doesn't work. No. God, no religion. That doesn't work.

Well, you would have to be george washington with your running mate would be abraham lincoln. Okay, your vp candidate and you'd still lose very big. And then they say he's doing ok.

He's too up in texas. They said it last time, too, that texas is even four years ago and and everybody said no, I think trump is killing. It would have stadiums with 25 30,000 people, much more. They couldn't get in.

We have 40 50,000 people outside and then say I was even. We won in a landslide, just like we won this state in a landslide. You know the expression they used. Texas is in play, you know what didn't play means it could go either way and guys would get on this.

I don't think so. And then that night again, the polls in texas have closed. Donald trump has won the great state of texas.

I mean, the whole thing is crazy. It's crazy. You know what they do?

It's suppression polls. They try and depress you. They try and make you happy so you don't unhappy.

So you go out to dinner with your wife, your husband. You go out to dinner. Darling, let's have dinner. It's so sad. We love donald, but he just can't make it.

Can't make it. Let's go out. Have dinner, will come home. Watch the results except 2016 came and nobody did that.

They all went out and voted, and we kicked eyes that tell me, was that the most exciting evening in the history of television? Did you ever see the ratings that combined ratings? I think the biggest ever. But was that the most exciting 2016 was that the most exciting evening in the history of way invested $2.5 trillion in the u. S. Military, including more than $6 billion in contracts, you know, I'll tell you what, do you like the word pronounced lima or lima?

Because I saved lima. Can I tell you what I saved? Lima.

You know, I came here and they were going to close that plant in lima. They were going to close the tank plant, right? It was done. And I said, why are we closing a tank plant?

And I got a couple of calls from my friends, a Congressman Right here and I got calls and jim jordan called me. Do you like jim jordan is going on. I looked at this army tank plan and lima I said, why are we closing it? And I saw the people building the tanks and the technology is incredible. And if you have a close, you'll never be able to open a thing like that again.

So I overrode the generals. I overrode everybody, and now we're making a record number of tanks and that plant, and it's absolute somebody. But we had tremendous success.

We took 100% of the ISIS caliphate and we killed the founder and leader of ISIS al baghdadi. Way took out the world's number one terrorists and the mass murder of American troops and many other people. Qassim soleimani is dead is dead.

I withdrew from last administrations, disastrous Iran nuclear deal that paid $150 billion plus $1.8 billion in cash. You know, they got nothing. They got nothing. I kept my promise, recognized the true capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.

Every President For many, many decades said they were going to do it. They never did it. They never did it.

They didn't have the guts to do it. They campaigned on it. They're all going to do it.

Then they got there. There was a lot of pressure put on a lot of pressure put on me every leader was calling all over the please don't do it. Please don't do it. Mr. President, please don't do it.

Don't do it. Don't move it. It's not. Just leave it the way it is. It's okay, but I promise. And I said I'm going to do it.

And then I got calls from the biggest people in the world. Kings. I got calls from presidents from prime minister's. Please, please don't toe. Then I got calls. Please have him call me back.

Me. I said, look, tell everybody I'm out for three days. I'm not gonna be able to call them back. I had a news conference.

We announced it. Then I called everybody back. Hey, how you doing? How's everything going? Everything going good? Yeah.

I want to talk to you about israel, but it's too late. You already did it and we did it and we got it done and nobody else got it done. And it's something we had to do. I also recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights.

And instead of endless wars, we are forging peace all over the Middle East. And you saw that? Come on.

I'm the only man that got nominated for nobel peace prize. And I didn't get any press they wouldn't. But two of them last week I got I'm not bragging about.

I'm just saying, you know, I'm the President Of the United States because of kosovo. Serbia. You know, they have been killing each other for years. I worked out a deal for them.

I got dominated. And then israel with bahrain and you a and many more to come. I mean, they all wanna do it. We'll have peace in the Middle East without blood all over the sand. No blood. We're gonna have peace in the Middle East.

So I was nominated for the nobel peace prize, and I told the story last night. Should I tell it or not? Yes, she wants with her. So I go home to your great first lady. I said, first lady, you're gonna be so proud of me tonight.

I was nominated not once, but twice for totally separate events by different people. Great people. First lady, I was nominated for the nobel peace prize. I was like this. I was nominated.

Yeah, it's a big deal for our country. Right on. She said, oh, that's good.

I said, let's turn on the evening news. Let's watch it. This is gonna be a big show tonight. Get ready.

An nbc, which is one of the most crooked one of the worst newscast I'm talking about normal nbc, not m s d n c. M s dnc is the worst. But so I turned on nbc with lester holt, another beauty, and they shot with a hurricane.

And then they went to something and something else that I'm saying first ladies getting little embarrassing with 20 minutes into a half hour show. They haven't mentioned the nobel peace prize. And then it went through the whole show. They never mentioned. Then I got nominated for a second when they never mentioned and when barack obama, barack hussein obama got dominated. Now, when barack when barack hussein obama got nominated, he didn't know why he was nominated was like right at the very beginning, he didn't do anything.

He did nothing and he got nominated was the biggest story I've ever seen. But that's okay. In the meantime, were President And they're not? No, it is. You would think of you nominated for the nobel prize.

You get like maybe like a half a cent. The first lady, she sort of said, sorry, darling, that's the way it goes that I said. Joe biden opposed the mission to take out osama bin laden. He opposed killing solomon.

He voted for the iraq war disaster. He backed the disastrous Iran nuclear deal, and he cheered the rise of China as a very positive development for our country. Oh, it's really great.

It grew up to sleepy joe bin laden and solomon e. Would be alive today. ISIS would be on a rampage, Iran would control the Middle East, and China would be the dominant power anywhere in the world. And I want to tell you, if you go back a few months before this pandemic, we were gaining, gaining, gaining we we had an insurmountable lead on China. I always heard that we're gonna catch us by 2019. For 10 years.

We were so far beyond we were doing much better than they were. The biden agenda would obliterate our economy. He destroys social security, destroy protections for pre existing conditions. That's what he's going to dio drain your medicare by giving away your healthcare to illegal immigrants, he would end our travel bans on jihadist regions and increased refugee admissions by listen to this over 700%. And this is the manifesto with bernie sanders with crazy bernie.

He made this deal with crazy bernie. And by the way, ah, lot of the crazy bernie. Voters last time four years ago voted for trump because of trade because they understand the one thing they do understand. They've been that our country has been ripped off for years.

Biden opposes school choice and vowed to ban charter schools very important toe. Have them in the second term. I will provide school choice to every parent in America. Totally against a vote for Republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and a limitless future for all americans. And just in conclusion, it's first of all, it's been a great honor to be with you.

This is a really it's a great state. They're great people. E really mean it. No, I really get out there in november. There. We gotta win this one big.

This is a bad, bad ideology. This is probably a step beyond socialism. I really think in many ways it's communism.

We're talking about this is a step beyond socialism is no good. Communism is really bad, but get out there on november 3rd. Let's show him your stuff and show them all of the stuff of all of us. Eso in concluding over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end. The reliance is ridiculous. Crazy reliance on China and all of these far away lands once and for all we will make our medical supplies right here in the United States way will hire more police.

And by the way, thank you police. Thank you. Law enforced increased penalties for assaults and law enforcement on we will ban deadly sanctuary city. We will defend the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. We will uphold religious liberty, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms.

Way will strike down terrorists to threaten our citizens. And we will keep America out of these ridiculous, stupid, endless foreign wars way will maintain America's unrivaled military ones. Our military might has never been like it is right now because of what we've done.

And we had no choice and hope to God. We never have to use it, because if you would ever see the power of what we've done over the last three years, it would be, uh it's almost better for you not to see it. We are the envy of every power, every country in the world way have weapons that nobody ever even thought possible. And just as I said, hope to God, we never have to use them. And the way we don't have to use them is to keep that kind of strength.

Nobody is going to be talking to us. We're going to have peace through strength, and it's all made in the use a. All made in the usa with will end surprise medical billing require price transparency. I've already signed it into law kicks in on january 1st, it's going to cut your bills down to a level that you wouldn't believe.

That doesn't mean the drug companies and the hospital corporation's air happy with me. But that's okay and further reduce health insurance premiums and the cost of prescription drugs by 50 60 and 70%. Big pharma does not like me too much. Taking ads about me that is so bad, but you get it.

You understand they're not too thrilled with me, including the rebates. The rebates go back to you. The rebates before went back to very rich people. We will strongly protect medicare and social security, and we will always protect patients with pre existing conditions.

You know, on America will land the first woman on the moon, and the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars. That's what's happening. Nasa is the again, the leading space station anywhere where there's nothing like space center what we've done.

And there was grass growing in the runways when I took over 3.5 years ago. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our school way will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag. No way will live by the timeless words of our national motto. In God we trust. For years you had a President Who apologize for America.

Now you have a President Who is standing up for American standing up for the great state of ohio. Eso get your friends get your family, get your neighbors, get your co workers, get everybody and get out and vote. Got to get out and on in your state.

In ohio, early voting has already begun. And don't wait. And when you see them cheating on the other side, I don't say if when when you see them cheating with those ballots, all of those unsolicited ballots, those millions of ballots, you see him anytime you dio report him to the authorities, the authorities awaiting and watching from akron to colom's from cincinnati, the queen city. I know it well to claim. And from dayton to toledo, we inherit the legacy of generations of ohio patriots like neil armstrong, annie oakley, william mckinley on the amazing ulysses s.

Grant. That's good. Nobody stock has gone up like grant nobody in the last 10 years. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settle the continent, tamed the wilderness, dug out the panama canal, laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world. And you haven't seen anything. Yeah, proud citizens like you helped build this country.

And together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people with your help, your devotion and your drive. We're going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting. And we are going to keep on winning. Winning winning way are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God.

And together with the incredible people of ohio, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again we will make America safe again. We will make America great again. Thank you, ohio.