ID: CSPANDT29102020100
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Tampa, Florida
Date: 2020-10-29

thank you very much. That was a little bit of a surprise. A bit of a surprise. Thank you, maloney a.

Good job. They love our first lady. And America is blessed to have you.

Thank you very much. I am thrilled to be here in my/our home state, florida. I love this state and I love the people of this state. And five days from now, we are going to win four more years in the white House. And we are going on to win a record share of the hispanic American vote. Do you see what is happening?

They are very concerned, the fake news. Milani, you don't know much about them. You know what is happening, don't you? We have led florida every single day. This is a terrible thing for them.

Actually, it is a good thing for them. They have not quite figured it out yet. We are doing incredibly in florida. We are doing incredibly all over. And this is not based on polls. It is based on fact.

It is based on votes that are coming in. We are creating the greatest red wave in the history of our country. It has been amazing.

We will talk about it a little while. We want to get some of the introductory things out. But we have to talk about what is going on in our country with the big tech. You know the power of big tech?

They are incredible. They are incredible. We heard for a long time about the power of big tech. I heard about it for years ago.

Big tech is powerful. You cannot beat them. And then we one. How did that happen? The fake news media, 94% of the stories about us are negative.

Think about it. 64% of the stories -- how do you have a positive story? This election is a choice between my pledge to deliver historic -- you know what this is going to be, right?

This is historic prosperity. Another major tax cut to go along with the biggest tax cut in the history of our country. Record job growth.

Joe's plan is to deliver punishing lockdowns. He's going to lock you down. Florida has opened up. You have a great governor. He speak to you today or not? No.

You know they have the little thing in the box. They said he is speaking. He looked like he was up there a long time. She said yes. I great governor.

You have a great governor. He is a great guy. They want to give you massive tax hikes. I have been in politics all my life. I've only been two years on this side of it. But we have done well, haven't we?

A Senator Came into my office, said, sir -- older guy, nice guy, a total pro. I am a United States senator. Said, senator, I have been in one race, and we have won one. You better win the presidency. We took them by surprise. They are still trying to recover.

You will have a crippling depression the likes of which you have never seen if sleepy joe becomes your president. Your 401(k), throw them out the window, because you know what is going to happen. The stock market has a big headwind.

We are doing good. Did you see the number? 30.1 gdp, the biggest in the history of our country by almost triple, right? Almost triple.

Now it is very much bigger than any gdp we have ever had. You have to go back to the 1950's. It is less than half.

This is the greatest number, 33.1%. I would have said I will take 12%. 12% would be very nice. Nobody ever heard of 12%. 33.1.

Let me tell you, I never even thought of this one. They won't even talk about it. This is the biggest event in business in 50 years. Nobody has ever seen a number like this. This is bigger than any nation.

No nation has a number like that. Other nations, we were compared to Europe. Germany is doing so well. France is doing so well. No, they are not doing well. You look at what is going on.

We want the best. We want to work with them, and everything else. That they are not doing well. They are spiking up big. They are shutting down.

They are locking down. I disagree with that, because we are never going to lock down again. We understood the disease and now we are open for business, and that is what it is.

This is four times greater than what the experts expected. 7%, 8% -- you are going to say that was incredible. Milani was unbelievable. The governor was incredible. I have never heard anybody speak like that. Trump was ok.

Not bad. We have no choice. We have to vote for trump. It is between trump and sleepy joe. Everybody beats sleepy joe.

A couple of these guys, they are friends of mine. They are not good people. They are better than joe, I will tell you. Can you believe this?

I am running against the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics. I don't care, win, lose, or draw. This is the worst candidate in history.

He should not be there. Pocahontas kept going. Should've gotten out.

Then it would've been against bernie. You know what? You would have a more energetic base if we had bernie. That is one thing.

Don't know if they have a base. He goes for a speech. This is all the way back to that building, as far as the eye can see. And biden is leaving his basement today.

He took the lid off. You know what he does? He takes the lead off, runs to the closest part of delaware, like if he could get a little piece of pennsylvania.

People in pennsylvania, they know all about this. No fracking, no fracking. He gets to pennsylvania. He learns it is a million jobs. By the way, pennsylvania -- they give us the energy, expensive energy.

He goes to pennsylvania. All of a sudden, he changes. They do not call him out on where is hunter. Where is hunter?

Where is hunter? Is hunter in the crowd? They don't call him out. They do not call him out on where is hunter. It's crazy.

It's crazy. I get a call from all the experts, guys who ran for president 6, 7, 8 times, never got past the first round. They say sir, you should not be speaking about hunter. I disagree. Maybe that is why I am here and they are not.

They say talk about your economic success. Talk about 33.1%, the greatest in history. I do.

How many times can I say it? I will say it five or six times. 33.1.

But you look at that, and they look at tucker carlton, what he did the other night. Great, and followed up by sean, and followed up by laura, and next day, nothing at all, right? Nothing.

Nothing in "the new york times." the fate "new york times." we see anonymous, the low staffer? Anonymous turned out to be a guy . I don't know who the hell this guy is. The new york times said a senior white House official, nobody knew who he was.

Look, we are in big trouble with the press. They are truly the enemy of the people. They are the enemy of the people. So this guy, this guy goes out, this lowlife who I never -- I think he has a picture of me standing there, like I do with thousands of people. This lowlife goes out and he writes a book.

When he left, it's incredible. But then somebody gets him at the "new york times," the fake "new york times," and he becomes nasty, and they say "a top white House official." he was a staffer, low, had nothing to do with the white House. He had nothing to do.

He goes in, and you know, there should be major criminal liability for scum like this. For a year, everybody walks into my office -- Secretary Of state pompeo. I could name every one of them. All good people.

I'm looking at them saying, I wonder if that could be the one. It turns out to be this lowlife that nobody knows who the hell he is. He has nothing to do with us.

I don't know that I ever met him. I might have met him. Somebody said he has a picture of me standing someplace. This is a disgrace to our country.

It shouldn't happen, and he should be prosecuted. Are you listening to me back in washington? He should be prosecuted. Along with the new york times. This was a story made up. It was fake news, made up by the new york times.

You know who he works for now? Cnn. He works for cnn. You see the camera right there with the lights?

It just went off. Do you see that, honey? That red light just went off. Fake news, cnn.

And anderson cooper -- [crowd chanting] and anderson cooper asked him, are you anonymous? He lied to him, said, no, I'm not. He works for cnn. I would think cnn would be firing him. This is a real lowlife. You know who else he works for?

Google. He works for google. I think google should fire him quickly because bad things are going to happen to him. Think of what he does to our government. It is like a horrible, treasonous, horrible thing that you can do this, that you can get away with it. Weekly jobless claims -- this is boring, but it is really good.

Just hit a seven month low. In other words, from the beginning of the pandemic seven months ago. We are going to have next year the best year we have ever had economically. And it is true. Biden is holding back the stock market because you know it is an election.

Crazy things can happen. Maybe 100% of the people in florida decide not to vote. You never know.

We have a headwind. It has gone down a little bit over the last few days. You are close, and it could be.

We are going to win this election so big. You watch. And that is the only reason the market is going down. The market is going down because if he gets him, seriously, you are going to have one of horse oppressions we have ever had. John roberts from fox is back there, and I think he agrees. And john roberts is unhappy because he does not want his 401(k) to go down the tube.

John has treated us very fairly. Not perfect. He is not perfect, I will say, that he has been overall pretty good. He is pretty good.

Cnn, google, new york times -- it is fake. It is fake. They run so many fake stories. Thanks to our policies, America is experiencing the fastest and biggest recovery.

We are having the best recovery anywhere in the world. No other country, small or large, is recovering like us. Think about this. In the past five months, we have created a record 11.4 million American jobs, the fastest job growth in the history of our country. Our job growth has been 23 times faster than the first five months under obama/biden, recovery which was by the way the worst recovery since the great depression. You do know that, right?

And just, you know, because all -- all biden does is talks about covid, right? He doesn't call it the China virus. You know why? China has him paid off. He can't use that term.

They gave his son 1.5 billion to manage. He makes billions of dollars a year, I assume. The smartest guy in the world said, that could not happen. We can't get it. He got it. It took him 10 minutes.

He walked in. He walked out with 1.5 billion. Maybe he is not so stupid after all.

That is the only thing. I said he was so dumb. Maybe he is not as dumb as we think. Look, he cannot take on China.

I didn't say anything. The problem is biden is totally -- the biggest story -- no, the second-biggest story -- the worst was when they spied on my campaign and they got caught. [booing] that's the biggest political corruption story in the history of our country, but this could very well be second.

We have what is called the laptop from hell. The laptop from hell. From what I have understood, you only have seen a tiny portion of it. But you know what the press is now doing?

They are blaming Russia. It's Russia did it. Russia is the one that created the laptop.

And Russia brought it into the little shop to have it fixed. Russia. I think Russia is looking at us and saying, this is stone cold crazy. No, it was Russia's fault. They said it loud and clear.

It was Russia, Russia, Russia. Aren't we tired of this crap? I thought two days ago, he looks like a watermelon head. Remember he lied in the halls of Congress? He read my conversation with the President Of ukraine, but it was not my conversation. How great do we love those people that took down the language, professional military people.

If I did not have it, it would have been my word against shifty shift -- schiff. Quid pro quo. Eight times, you have asked for the same thing. After the third time, the guy on the others would say he has serious problems. I don't even know him. I called him to say congratulations on becoming President Of ukraine.

And for that, I got impeached. But you know what we have? We have a lot of great Republican, and I hope you are going to be voting for those Republican also.

Great Republican. We have one of them here, mark meadows. Has anyone ever heard of mark meadows? Took me three years to get him out of Congress and become chief of staff. He is great.

He was one of our great ones. You know who helped me a lot, honestly? In fact, I said don't run for governor, ron. He was a congressman, your governor.

He is out there working with the phone. He has got the phone going. He uses two at one time, right?

But your governor was another one. He is harvard and yale, you know that? Your governor, he does not talk about it. He does not talk about it. But he would be on television defending me and fighting for me.

Did anyone hear of jim jordan? Jim goes 128 at once. He was an ncaa wrestling champion, one of the best.

He was a great one. He was a great one. You know when you win like he won -- he won everything.

You win like that, it is also right here. It is muscle, but it has to be muscle attached to a lot of brain. You guys know. The athletes know. Jim was great. Ron was fantastic.

Governor, he asked me, he said, would you support me for governor? I said not really. I rather have you stay where you are. You are doing a great job of defending the. But think of what we had to do.

We got 190 7-0 in the House. Thick about it. 197 to nothing. And then we went to the Senate and we had 52 and a half.

Know who the half was, but that's ok. That was the guy that sleepy joe biden, he could not remember his name. Member, he said the guy from -- the governor from that place, utah, I don't know his name. What is his name? It was romney. Let's face it.

Sleepy joe is shot. And I'm not a fan of his, and he's not a nice guy. I'd feel better if he was a nice guy. I couldn't say these things. He is not a nice guy.

Now he can't remember whether or not he used to be a nice guy. He was never considered smart. He was a touchy-feely guy. You know those guys, touchy-feely? But not a nice guy.

Not smart. Are incredible first lady is sitting here right now and she is saying -- and she is saying to herself, I wonder if all rallies are like this? No, most of them are a little bit different, but that's ok. You know why, honey?

We are in florida. This is like home. This is home.

This is home. [cheers and applause] we say it like it is. We say it like it is. We created the greatest economy in history, and now we are doing it again. See all that hat, that beautiful hat, make America great again? We are going to make a new one.

Make America great again, again. We did it. We did it, now we are doing it again, again. My first lady wants to do it again. Under my leadership, the florida tourism industry, it's hospitality industry will come rolling back very soon.

It is ready to happen. We are making the turn. We got the vaccines coming very soon. The fda has worked miracles.

They had no choice. They had to. This would have taken, if joe was in charge -- he would not have a vaccine for four years. I was going to say he was in charge of the swine. He calls it and when each one.

It is actually h1n1. H comes -- it is easy because h comes before and. I said joe, joe, just call it swine for.

You don't have to call it -- the numbers are too complicated. Three days ago, he said I am a proud -- the United States Senate -- you cannot play games, you know? You have seen enough. You seen a left -- have you seen enough? But based on the early numbers I have seen, I think you understand exactly what I am talking about. You know we have the potential.

We are the greatest country in the world. We have the potential to go to places that we have never potential of our country is so incredible. Use the it happening already -- you see it happening already. You look at Germany, you look at all of these countries, they have a lot of problems.

You look at our recovery, fastest recovery. We went down the least economically. As much as it's terrible, we went down the least.

We've done an incredible job. It was projected at least 2.2 million people, right? The projections were 2.2 million. By the way, China should have never let this happen, they should have never let it escape, and we will not forget. Biden's agenda will devastate the hispanic American community.

He betrayed hispanic americans for 47 years. He has been very bad with hispanic americans, and what is happening with those poll numbers? We have the highest numbers -- we are now, according to the polls, the real polls, we are beating Democrat for the first time ever with hispanic americans. And I have always loved them and I think they have always loved me.

First time ever. First time ever. And the fakers are going crazy. And now biden wants to close small businesses and take away the second amendment. Don't worry about it. This like an amendment.

While letting rioters, looters, and vandals roam free. Look what's happening in philadelphia. He couldn't even come out against him -- them yesterday. They ask him a question. Where is philadelphia, he said. He didn't know what state it was in.

Can you imagine losing to the sky? Attached to this guy? The -- can you imagine losing to this guy? But you have to be careful using the word losing. The fake news media will say he is thinking about losing. I think he's going to lose and I think he's lost all credibility.

And our elegant first lady said what the hell is happening here? This election is a choice between the American dream and a socialist nightmare, that's what it is, socialism. Venezuela. We used to say venezuela on steroids. This would be a very large version of venezuela, and it could happen, with the green new deal and all these -- look. Aoc plus three.

I hear she is very insulted that I call her aoc -- I'm not. I call her aoc plus three. Elon omar, I am going to win minnesota because of omar. She tells us how to run our country. I don't think so.

Elon omar -- ilan omar. We are going to win minnesota because of her. When they called us, how long did it take, 45 minutes? It was extinguished. We could have done it in the first hour instead of waiting a week and a half. I give the governor credit.

He eventually called. They should call us in oregon. What I love to go in with the anarchist. They would last 15 minutes.

Our guys -- you have to hold them back. Let us in, sir. We would like to go in. We would like to go into oregon. We will take care of it.

It would not take them long. It would take them about 15 -- how long? The way we do things. And then eventually they would end up going home about 10 years later, back home to mom and dad where they started in the basement.

Antifa. You know antifa? Biden called it an idea. He said antifa is just an idea.

It's not an idea. We called the United States and idea, too. I said no, no, it's not an idea.

The United States is a great nation. He called us an idea. He puts us in the same category as antifa. As long as I am president, America will never be a socialist country. I say it all the time. This election will decide whether our children will be condemned to the misery of socialism or whether they inherit the glorious legacy of America's freedom.

This election will decide whether the biden-harris. How about her? I tell you what. When our great Vice president Mike pence debated her, it was a total -- you know the expression . If it was a fight, they would have ended it. Within two days they were saying on the fake news that she did magnificently well.

No, you do great. Two days later, you realize they have it down. Mike has done fantastic. He is a great vice president.

He works very hard. I will tell you one thing. His kids are in the military and they are teachers. I guarantee you one thing, mike pence has not made hundreds of millions of dollars by scamming foreign countries, but that's what they have done. They have made hundreds of millions of dollars. Look at that.

Are they doing that on purpose? Are they friend or foe? I felt good. I felt water on my face. They may be doing that on purpose.

Let's find out if they are friend or foe, and if they are foe, let's take care of those sons of benches. Look at that -- bitches. Look about. Are you ok? Oh look, they are hitting the press. There go the cameras.

There goes a million dollars worth of equipment. Look at that. Wow.

I have nothing to do with that. It is sort of cooling. That's great. It's amazing. It's amazing, and I say it all the time.

Because we like ronald reagan, we liked a lot of people. Generally speaking, mostly, they don't do the job. But we like ronald reagan.

He's the one I think about. Nobody ever chowed -- chanted. He wouldn't get a crowd like this.

We were in arizona the day before, two days before. We were in pennsylvania, we did three in pennsylvania. You know what's in common? The love. It's all the same.

The love for our country. But there has never been a chant. I see a big strong guy, wiping away tears, I don't think he has ever cried in his life before. We love you, we love you. This guy hasn't cried since he was a baby.

And now he's crying. There has neither been that chant -- never been that chant before. I would cry but I don't want them to say you're President Broke down in tears today. That's not true. We don't want President Xi of China to say I just saw something that surprises me.

You know, we have taken billions and billions of dollars out of China. But then the plague came in. We made a great deal with China. The ink wasn't dry. It's a whole different feeling.

Three weeks ago, they ordered more corn, more soybeans, more beef than at any time in the history of this country. They obviously think I am going to win. They think we are going to win and they want to make us happy, but we are not happy, because it should have been stopped. You see what's going on in Europe.

It's so sad. 188 countries. What China has done to this world. People come up to me with masks and all of this, hello, President Hello, look at what China has done to our country.

I may do that. You had better be careful. What China has done to this country, and it's not the first time, either.

[crowd chanting make them pay] donald j. Trump I mean, who is going to say it better than kaylee, so. I want to congratulate you. This is a great looking couple. We almost had the dodgers. Are they that good?

They are pretty good. Well, you are pretty good, too. You are a great couple. Thank you very much. She is smart.

She picked a major league ballplayer. You have to be in shape. You can't look like these guys out here. But especially on the pandemic, has anybody said it better than that?

That was this morning on fox. Fox and friends. I have to tell you, that group, that threesome, they are great. Right?

They are great. It's a great group in the morning. But she said it on fox and friends. Ainsley, steve and brian has been really great, right?

They treat us good. We are thrilled to be joined by your governor, who I know is up here speaking, but I am going to introduce him a second time because I love him and I know he loves the people of florida, ron desantis. And your lieutenant governor who is a fantastic woman and she loves her state, jeanette nunez. And we have some warriors that used to work with ron. Congressman michael waltz. He knows more about -- where is michael?

Michael. Did you get married yet? Please get married, quickly.

You will be so depressed. If you don't, you are going to be very, very depressed. You'd better do it quick.

She's out of here, michael. Another great friend of mine and warrior, bill rakas. Thank you. Great job. Great job. Thank you, thank you.

Greg, thank you very much. Great job you're doing. These people are tough. We have some incredible people in washington. Attorney General Ashley moody, who is doing a phenomenal job. Thank you, ashley, for everything.

Doing a fantastic job. Florida House Speaker Chris brawl. -- chris sprawled. Florida gop chair. Joe, where are you? Where is joe?

How are we doing? He will be out of here so fast if we don't win this election. He will be gone. We are going to win. Our country will have trouble. Vote for the congressman, vote for the Republican.

They want to do what's right and you know it's the right thing to do. We have congressional candidates scott franklin and anna paulina luna. They have my full endorsement. Great going.

I hear you are both doing very well. Great, great. Under my administration we are reversing the damage joe biden and his administration did over seven years. They devastated puerto rico.

Joe biden voted to eliminate jobs and send them to China. We are reversing that. We have been reversing it now for over two years and it's moving very rapidly.

We announced $13 billion in disaster relief for puerto rico. They got hit hard. They are in a little path that causes a lot of problems. Hurricane problems. Speaking of hurricane problems, you have a lot of hurricane problems, too. I'm always there.

Rick scott has been great. Strong guys, good leaders, good guys. Great people, great leadership. Under my leadership, we achieve the most secure border in United States history and we have now built over 400 miles of wall. We will have it finished very shortly.

It will be finished very soon. You don't hear about it anymore. They were willing to close up the country over the wall. I had a strong party, bad politics, but strong party, bad policy.

A terrible mistake. I should've said instead of we will build the wall, I should've said we will not build the wall and they would have given me all the money. They said walls don't work.

I said walls work and will's work. Those are the two things that work. Everything else is obsolete about 15 minutes after it's discovered. Biden wants to terminate our travel bans and surge refugees from the most dangerous places in the world. He will open the floodgates to radical islamic terrorism.

Three days ago, a beheading in france, and today it happened again. And we give our warmest regards to President Macron, friend of ours, friend of mine, friend of the first ladies. Great people.

The first lady of france is a great woman. Under the biden plan, the horrifying attacks in france will come to our cities and our towns. I don't want to speak too loudly about this. I knock on wood.

This is real wood. Anything having to do with the white House and the president -- it's real wood. Let me knock on this piece instead.

But look at what has happened. After we win, the first call I get will be from Iran. They will want to make a deal. This country has been devastated. They have been unable to give the money to terrorist organizations they have given too routinely for years.

Their gdp is down 27%, which is the highest anybody has ever seen of any country, one year. Think of it, down 27. We want to make a deal if we can.

We want them to be a great country, but they cannot have a nuclear weapon. They cannot have a nuclear weapon. And we are going to help them. I hope that happens. I even said, don't deal with them now because they are going to want to see what happens with sleepy joe. Because if he won, China will own us.

Iran will make another crazy deal. 150 billion dollars, 1.8 million in cash, think of that. Think of the deals we have made.

It's very scary to see. They say there has to be something wrong because nobody could be that stupid. Under my leadership, we are keeping the terrorists, extremists, and violent criminals the hell out of our country if that's ok with you. Some of you may object if you have a nice, liberal point of view. But if that's ok with you, we will keep the hell out.

We invested two point $5 trillion in the u.s. Military including 11.2 -- think of this. $11.2 million right here at the air force base.

Has anybody in the audience -- mr. Congressman, you are the one that got it included. And we also passed veterans choice and veterans accountability. They said it was impossible.

And we took 100% of the ISIS caliphate, destroyed it, and we killed the leader of ISIS, al-baghdadi, who we had been looking for for 17 years. Al-baghdadi is dead. And then we took out the world's number one terrorist by far, the worst in 50 years, salome knee is dead. -- solomani is dead. He killed many of our soldiers in the Middle East.

He is gone. The horrible ran nuclear deal. I recognized the capital -- I killed the horrible I ran nuclear deal. I recognized the capital of israel.

I got the building built for a tiny fraction. You know that story, right? I called up our great ambassador, david freeman.

I said let's see if we can get it open. They want to spend $2 billion on an embassy. It would have never happened.

I said go around, do we have any land we own with the government? We own everything, even another country's. He came back and said sir, we own a great piece much better than what we were going to buy.

We didn't buy it. I didn't like the location. I'm in the real estate business. Location is very important.

He said we have a piece that is much bigger in a much better location. I said what's the building? He said it's basically unoccupied, it's pretty big. We could fix it up. He comes back days later, sir, I think we can do it for $390,000. Biden, right?

You understand that, mr. Congressman? I said it's the first time of ever done this. I said that doesn't sound good, that sounds too cheap.

Make it a little more. Make it 500,000. And we did, we did it for $500,000. And it's Jerusalem.

Every time he shows me Jerusalem stone, I go crazy. I don't care. I said david, you are in Jerusalem. Can you get Jerusalem stone? He said yes, we can buy it for nothing.

I said good. Make the building out of Jerusalem stone. We had it open four months later for $500,000. You wouldn't have that building built for 25 years. We did something a little different.

We do something for a tiny fraction of what it was supposed to cost and we had it open and three and a half, four months. It's a great embassy. It's recognized, Jerusalem is the capital of israel. I also recognize is really sovereignty over the golan heights.

We got it done into ours. They have been working on that for 52 -- we got it done in two hours. They have been working on it for 52 years. Instead of never-ending wars in the Middle East, we are working piece deals all over the place.

No blood in the sand. Biden and obama made a pathetic one-sided deal with the castro dictatorship. My opponent stands with socialists and communists. I stand with the proud people of cuba, nicaragua, and venezuela in their righteous struggle for freedom, and we are winning. The last administration also negotiated the terrible obama biden santos deal with colombian drug cartels, surrendering to the narco terrorists.

The first lady sits on our commission. She chairs the commission on drugs in America, how to get rid of it. A blue-ribbon commission. We are down 19%. We had a little setback with the recent problem with the China virus, but it's getting back under control.

But she's taken it down 19 -- she and the commission have taken it down 19%. She doesn't want it mentioned. She doesn't want to talk about it really did if they were sitting in her position, they would be holding a news conference.

I have done an incredible job. I'm only kidding. But she has done an incredible job. Under my -- thank you.

Thank you very much. Under my administration, we work with colombian officials to seize or disrupt 227 tons of poisonous narcotics since april alone. The fact is I have done more in 47 months van sleepy joe biden has done in 47 years. It's true.

It's true. No administration in the first three and a half years has done what this administration has done. We rebuilt our military, biggest tax cut in history, biggest regulation cut in history. Even environmentally. I will tell you what. We will not go over -- we will be here all day, but no administration, and the fake news, if you make a statement and it's like 1% off, it's like a headline the next day.

In the coming weeks, we will distribute a vaccine to defeat the virus. The great American comeback. Vote for Republican like these people down here. It's a vote for the great American dream.

That's what it is. And remember, abraham lincoln, the great, the legendary abraham lincoln was a Republican. Hit would you please remember that -- would you please remember that? Nobody knows this.

They know it now because I like to say it. Over the next four years, we will turn America into the manufacturing superpower of the world and we will end our dependence on China. We will ban deadly sanctuary cities. We will defend religious liberty, free speech, and the right to keep and bear arms, your second amendment will be defended. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might, and we will ensure peace through strength. We spent two and a half trillion dollars on our military.

We have the finest rockets, the finest missiles, the finest tanks and submarines and ships. All made in the usa in our nuclear stockpile. We are in a position like no other country in the world. China, North Korea, no country in the world has what we have. And just, a lot of religious people in this audience, pray to God we never have to use it.

It is more likely we won't have to use it now that we have it, but just hope that we never have to use it. We will require price transparency, lower drug prices even more, and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions. America will land the first woman on the moon in the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars.

It's already happening. We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotism. We will teach our children to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag, and we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust.

For years, you had a President Who apologized for America. Now you have a President Who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of florida. So, get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your boss, get out of vote. There has never been an election more important. On november 3, we must finish the job and drained the rest of the swamp.

We have done a lot of it. From pensacola to miami, from orlando to jacksonville, from tallahassee to write here in tampa, we inherit the legacy of florida patriots who gave their blood, sweat, and tears for this nation. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes across the ocean who blazed the trails, settled the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, dug out the panama canal, raised up the great skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated communism, and from right here in this allstate landed our brave American astronauts on the face of thewe made America in the single greatest nation in the history of the world and the best is yet to come. Proud citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people.

With your help, your devotion and drive, we are going to keep on working. We are going to keep on fighting. We are going to keep on winning. Winning. We are winning.

We are winning again. We are winning again. We are one movement, one family, and one glorious nation under God. Together with the incredible people of florida, we have made America powerful again. We have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again.

We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you. Get out and vote. Thank you.