ID: CSPANDT2112020109
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Fayetteville, North Carolina
Date: 2020-11-02

thank you very much. Tomorrow we are going to win this state and we're going to win four more years and our great white House with your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulation, support our great police support our fantastic military care for our veterans. Protect your second amendment.

Defend religious liberty on endure more products are proudly stamped with that wonderful phrase made in the usa. A next year will be the greatest economic year in the history. Of our country. Under my leadership, our economy is now growing at the fastest rate ever recorded, 33.1% just announced last week. We created a record 11.4 million jobs in the last five months. It's a number that we never even thought possible.

Nobody did. Nobody thought it was possible. And we're gonna now even do better than that. It's going very rapidly. Well, foreign nations are in a free fall.

You see what's going on with so many nations in Europe. Unfortunately, I say that with sadness, we are creating an economic powerhouse unrivaled anywhere in the world. A recent gallup poll found that 56% of americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago.

Under obama and biden, you got to remember that you got to remember that kind of thing. They didn't do a good job. In fact, if they did, I wouldn't have run. If they did, I wouldn't be here right now. They did a bad job in obama. Hey, went out yesterday with biden.

They got like 14 people. They didn't have too many. They didn't have too good a crowd on we have five of these today. Five way have some big ones. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much.

Thank you. And I love you, too. And I appreciate that. We appreciate it.

I was I was thinking, coming in because I watched his fake paul's everyone, no matter if it were up by 10. If we know we're gonna win easily, he's down by one point. He's down by one.

I just watched this fake stuff in our center myself. You know, we've been under a phony fake hoax investigation for three years. Nothing but bad and really corrupt publicity from these people. And I say, I wonder what the difference would have been had it been legit, right? Had it been legit and it turned out to be just the opposite.

They were the ones who committed the crimes, not us. But I wonder what it would have been. I probably would have been a little bit easier, but you know the good news. We're gonna win anyway.

We're gonna shove it. E wonder what it would have been. I wonder what it would have been of all of the nonsense wasn't brought up. Thank you.

Thank you, man. Looking tremendous in florida. So of course they don't mention, you know, it's florida way are looking good. We're really looking good all over in the rial polls, not the fox polls.

Those fox polls. There's somebody in fox doesn't like me very much. I can tell you they are the phoniest pulse. And there were there were almost a bad four years ago. Actually, they were worse.

But you get some of these pollsters, they work magic. And the amazing thing is, and they hang on to their jobs, they do horribly look at what they did list. I had nine states, and I had to win them all. And they said I was gonna lose all nine.

This is four years ago. I was gonna lose all night is gonna be very short evening for donald trump. And the poll said decisively I was gonna lose all nine, and that was the day before. And I won all nine. I wouldn't know I want, or I wouldn't be here right now. Now I want all nine and said we're gonna lose all nine.

And it was quite depressing as I turned on the television. Let's see how he did. He won florida.

He won south carolina way. Well, thank you. And then they said they're getting rid of the guy like it. Fox. I heard that we're getting rid of that pollster. And they kept him.

And they have others. They kept. And you wonder what kind of a business that issue? Wonder what?

We have a case. Where? In wisconsin. I have were one up, and I left there a couple of days ago. We had a rally. You wouldn't believe it packed.

Just pack just like last night like here. But, like last night, this was a section, you know, I wanted to come. This is considered a small, beautiful, cute little wonderful section on. They asked me, and I said, I wanna be there now and every vote counts. It's very important. We had something last night in miami.

You would not have believed it. I don't know who saw it on television. I don't know, but you you look at some of these results in wisconsin. So you know, whether I'm up one or down one. It's right in that thing. I think we're gonna win wisconsin because we have a lot of people that say way, don't want to talk to you and then they go vote for trump, right?

You know, the hidden voter or whatever they call somebody said there the shy voters. My people are not shy. They want change. But in wisconsin, so they said abc news, which is, in my opinion, corrupt. But they're all corrupt.

Abc news washington post, which is basically a, uh, lobbyists. As far as I'm concerned for amazon, it's just a lobbyist. So they didn't say like he's two down, three down, four down, a fake poll. They said trump is 17 points down in wisconsin now. The real number. I mean, you know, I could lose it.

I could win it. I think it's, you know, I don't know how I'm not. I did a lot of good things for wisconsin, but, you know, let's say it's even, and I called up a great pollster, john e. Se john, let me ask you a question. I think we're one up in wisconsin, but abc washington post they did the same thing four years ago. If you remember that very close to the election, they said.

We're down 12 and then we one right, but we were down 12 and it's disheartening. It's called suppression. What it does is it suppresses people. They say, well, listen, we love the president, but if you can't win so abc. But they did it four years ago, and we complained bitterly with a very good lawyer. I had very good lawyers in those days.

We complained very bitterly, and they changed it right before the election. I think it was one right. We're down one. They took it from 12 to 1, and it's like about 15 seconds, and I realized I said, this is a phony business but now they come down and it says 17 down in wisconsin, 17. So I called john john mclaughlin. He's like the dean.

He's a great guy and he's been very good with may. I mean, he said, we're gonna win four years ago, he said, he said, we're gonna win easily. This one, he's probably the biggest and the best. I said, john, let me ask you a question. Abc washington post came out with a poll. It said I was 17 down.

I'm not 17 down. I might be one down or I might be too up. But I'm not 17 down. What's going on? Why don't they make it? At least as they have to live after that?

They have to do other events. Another. Why don't they make it three or four or two or five or something?

Right? They said they can't do that because they want you to lose. And if you're two or three or four, everyone's gonna go vote. They want to make sure that your people don't vote, and when you're 17 down, people say, I just can't waste my time. I'm not going to stand on line and I said, isn't that sick?

And he said he knows some of the people and they're very smart. They're very brilliant. They're smart people, he said. But if they made it five down or four down or six down, even so, they make it something that's so bad. 17 down. I said, isn't that a shame?

I want to tell that story. Do you mind? You said I don't care. That's the way it is. So it's crooked stuff. The fox polls air horrible.

Every time I have a fox poll, it's horrible. I mean, I like some of the things on fox. Certainly, sean and laura tucker has been great lately.

On fox and friends in the morning is great way. Have we have some? I find harris to be great harris faulkner to be really good. She has been very good over a period of time. The great lou dobbs.

He's been fantastic, right? Janine? How do you like your name? Uh, and you know, look, we have some. We have some great people that support us. Jesse has been great.

Hegg. Seth is, but and I don't wanna you know, there are a lot of people. Look, we have a lot, but it's 90% negative. Everything you know, everything. It's that.

But so think of that. So I said 17 and he gave me an answer. I just thought it was so incredible. I said, I gotta tell that answer. So I hope I haven't bored you, but I thought it was interesting.

Well, I thought it was just to me. It was interesting. And and, you know, I have, like, five of these to do today, so let's get going, e. I appreciate you being here. We had some. We had some monsters last night.

We had some little rough weather. It wasn't like this way had in michigan, we had slightly cold day with the wind blowing at 40 miles an hour in my face. And you're lucky you have a President That doesn't need a teleprompter. I was able thio.

I would have been in big trouble. There was no way you could hold paper. There was no way you could do where you were just and my guys set it up where the wind was right smack in my face and I was looking at that flag from the play and I said, oh, no, here we go again.

But actually, the flag must be a very high quality silk because it's not that windy. But yesterday it was not. That was not an easy day.

We had some very cold stops. And biden and harris. Kamala, kamala, you want her? You want her is your first woman president? I don't think so.

On the radical left gained power. They will collapse our economy and send our nation into a depression. Biden will raise your taxes $4 trillion massively increase your regulations closed down your factories.

Send your jobs overseas. That's what he's been doing all his life. Him and his group destroy the suburbs, dissolve your borders, terminate religious liberty, outlaw private health insurance. 180 million people, have great health insurance. Shred your second amendment, confiscate your guns and indoctrinate your children with anti American lives. Biden has vowed to abolish the American oil and natural gas industries and banned fracking.

He said it for a year and a half. He said it. Then all of a sudden he goes to pennsylvania. No, I never said that. And the fake news doesn't do anything about it.

Baden's energy band will send every state into crushing poverty from north carolina to michigan to pennsylvania. As long as I'm president, we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas. Um, girl, and we will remain energy independence. Sleepy joe biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs, opening your borders and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars in countries that most of you have never even heard of. He was a cheerleader for nafta, and they're all coming home. Don't worry about it.

I said it. He was a cheerleader for nafta and China's entry into the world trade organization. North carolina lost 50% of all manufacturing jobs after those biden betrayals, and now he says, oh, I'm gonna teach trying to follow my policy he's trying to follow. My policy is not going to do my policy has been doing this for 47 years. Plus and for eight years as vice president, which was only 3.5 years ago. Joe biden is a corrupt politician who raked in millions from China while giving them your jobs.

He's a corrupt. He's a corrupt politician. You see it now, they say the laptop shift watermelon head shift that locked up was produced by Russia. Here we go again. Russia, Russia, Russia.

Here we go again. Can you imagine what they must take over? These people are crazy now. It was.

It was produced by wears hunter. That's right. It was produced by these guys. They're really think of it. The shift knows he's a psycho in many ways, but he knows it's a total con game.

I had to put up with it for three years that it effects. You know, when you see nothing but negative television every night, every night, every night and then they find totally no collusion after wasting $48 million 18 people think of it and then it's no collusion, but then you have to run. But you've had three years of horrible publicity.

And they did it. I mean, they did it. They were the criminals.

Hillary was a criminal. She deleted her emails. People go to jail for that. These air criminals, these air criminals, and say it any way you want to, dio.

But we took the brunt that we caught him spying in my campaign and trying toe overthrow a duly elected president. The United States. So I go. And that was before I even knew. I mean, that was while I was while I was running. I didn't even know I'd hear these things.

Sir, this is before he got elected. Guys would come up to me every once in a while. Sir, do you have anything to do with Russia?

I said no. What do you ask? I was just curious because it was like this thing floating around.

Then they come up again, sir. Are you sure you don't have anything to do with Russia? I said I have nothing to do with Russia.

What the hell are you doing? And you know you hear it four or five times. Then you get into office and they come up with this scheme. And this this'll plot was a plot to overthrow the government to the United States. And then we have people that just don't act fast.

I mean, it's just unbelievable way have so much. We have so much information. We have so much, we have the whole thing and obama was involved and biden was involved. They were involved.

But let's let's see what happens. People should move more quickly. In 2016 north carolina voted to fire this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President Who is finally putting America first on.

If I don't sound like a typical washington politician is because I'm not a politician, e don't always play by the rules of the washington establishment is because I was elected to fight for you. And I fight harder than any President Has ever for his people. Thank you. Thank you, thank you.

Thank you. Get out and vote. That's all I ask.

Just take a little time and vote. Wow, we got a win. This state. I think we win this state. We win pennsylvania, we're going to win florida.

We win pennsylvania. And you were gonna win the whole thing. Wait, hold on. We'll send them a signal like they've never seen before. This has not happened to them.

Big tech is so powerful, you can't beat big tech. They're saying this on. I see it on twitter trending trending trend, right? It's not trending. They put the most boring thing onley it was anything bad about me.

Number one in the world on trend, right? Boring stuff. I mean, like stuff as opposed to affairs scandals. That didn't even put that stuff up. It's always trump 2345 items. It's a fix.

It's a fixed. This'd is a smart guy. We have his name, everybody knows who he is. And I'm not talking about the primary. I'm talking about people that work.

They take stuff out of ahead. Let's see. This is bad about trump. Let's make it worse. Okay?

We'll make it worse. Okay. Number one trend in the whole world. No, that's not stuff that trends, but these air phony guys, they fixed the elections. And you know what?

They should be subject to campaign violations, because there, uh, they're an arm of the Democrat national committee, and they work together. They work on messaging together, the Democrat, the fake news media to the worst. The fact is, the fake people. And if I've done one thing, it's to expose the dishonesty in the media on not everybody but a big, vast majority of vast majority.

Not everybody. Look at us. We catch hunter and joe cheating.

We catch them stealing millions of dollars. They refused to write a story. Could you imagine if I got $3.5 million from the mayor of moscow's wife? Could you imagine? Somebody gave me 3.5 million bucks. Somebody gave me $20.

I got they impeached me because they made a perfect phone call to the head of ukraine. I never met the gentleman. Congratulations on your win. If you see anything corrupt, please call the attorney General Of the United States on. We have a corruption agreement with them because it's been a very corrupt country.

I actually have an obligation now. Of course, they impeached before they found out before I decided to release the phone call. Isn't it lucky that I had that call transcript? Can you imagine? Now?

Can you imagine now? They couldn't do. They didn't know what to do. Crazy, nancy said.

This is an impeachable, she said. You're right. They said you're right but let's go through with it anyway.

Maybe we'll get lucky. Didn't know this is because she didn't know about the call. When she read the call, she said he didn't do anything wrong. How did you get me into this, you shifty shift? How did you do it? Jerryler.

I've been fighting this guy for 25 years on the east side of manhattan, the west side of manhattan. Jerry nadler. He's a beauty, isn't he? How did you get me into this?

Well, let's just keep going forward. It's a disgrace, and we want I will say this for the Republican, 197 or 697 to nothing we want. And in the Senate, 52 a half to one half, we lost a half of us I wonder who that could have been, but sleepy joe biden is bought and paid for by China. He's got hey, they gave the sun a billion and a half dollars to manage.

That means gonna make millions of dollars a year that he doesn't know anything about investment. Didn't know anything at all about energy. Got $183,000 a month on energy. Think of that. I think of the $183,000 I called a friend of mine on wall street. Is this a normal fee?

He said no, maybe the most abnormal fee I've ever seen in my whole life. I've been doing this for 25 years. He's the biggest guy, but they're bought and paid for.

They got the money, and then they were going for the big one. In China. They wrote a letter to very big, powerful man within the communist party.

And where's hunter? As for 10 million dollars a year, as he was going to recommend he was going to talk. You're going to see here's the guy.

Didn't have a job got thrown out of the navy. You got thrown out of the navy. He didn't have a job.

Biden becomes vice president, and this kid is like a vacuum cleaner going all over the world, following his father, picking up the scraps. You know, he's following his dad picking up scraps, and then you find the note where the big man gets 10%. The big man's joe biden. The big man gets 10 that in one case they said 50% right. That's more likely because he wouldn't do it for 10 he'd want, because these people are all hangers on losers. But that's the story, and it's in a laptop.

And now they say, the laptop was made by Russia. Therefore, it has no credit. Can, you know? Can you believe this?

All right. And so the news. There's not outside of the new york post, which, really, I hold in high esteem. They have done their like a hero paper, and they endorsed me. I got a nice endorsement from did you say from pennsylvania yesterday, right? Pittsburgh, pittsburgh gazette.

That was nice. Once I got through that first paragraph, it was phenomenal. Actually, they said we don't love his personality.

We don't love his tough doing it but I have to be tough. Look, I've been under investigation from before I ever became president. I have to be tough.

If I was soft, I wouldn't be here right now and they don't want to say that. I was under a fake investigation by a lot of fake people. Bob mueller and his crew. The whole thing was a fake scam that should have never been started. And they knew the answer on the first day.

But it took him 2.5 years to put it down. No collusion. But they knew the answer the first day. So I was under investigation for the 1st 2.5 years, right?

Think of that. And then they say he's tough, but I'll take it anyway. I'll take your endorsement anyway, because once you get over the first paragraph two, it says all of the things we've done which are incredible, which you're incredible and now we'll have a chance to do it without the cloud. Because I had a cloud hanging over my head whether we like it or not. And then they say he was tough.

He fought too hard. He was somewhat crude. He was very, very nasty.

His twitter. Now, you know what? If I didn't have social media, I wouldn't be here was the only way I could defend myself.

So it's one of those things, but I just wonder I was thinking I asked the people in the way. We have great people, such loyal, great people, including a man that comes from an area not too far from here is a good friend of these women who've been here six this number 64 times for these incredible beautiful. I think rich women and their husbands air in here someplace. But they had their husbands. They were at the one last night. That was a big deal, wasn't it?

But this is number 64 I would say right. 65. 0, there's two more. They come from north carolina, but we have mark meadows comes from north carolina, then he has been fantastic. He's done a great job. He's done a great job.

Where is he? He's probably working, you know, bum bum bum with a phone. He's got two phones instead of one, and he's not gonna break it up with a hammer like hillary did. He's gonna it's gonna throw it away. Who come down, what? He's done a fantastic job, and he is.

And he loves his state. He loves north carolina. Then I specifically said, I want somebody from north carolina and give me meadows now.

I knew three years ago I said, we got to get meadows in here. Big tech, big media, big donors and powerful special interests are desperate for sleepy gel to win. They want him to win. I'll tell you, who wants him to win China. They will own our country because they own him. They control him and they know he will always be there to do their bidding.

He'll always be there. It's a corrupt. He's a corrupt politician.

I don't care. I'll say, and I say it. Everybody knows it's true. Can you imagine?

Big tech refuses to put anything in. They took the new york post down for two weeks because they they won't let anyone right. If you put out a little tweet and say that biden is corrupt, they will knock out your whole account. Nobody's ever seen anything like this, and you notice it is outside of what I say. It is indeed fading away because you can't have a scandal if nobody writes about it.

So we have the fake news, not writing about it, and you have the big tech not writing. So so how can you have a scandal? Nobody's talking about? Nobody's allowed to talk.

It's called suppression. We don't have freedom of the press. We don't have probably haven't had it for a long time. But we don't have.

You know, they say freedom of the press the American way. We don't have. We have suppression by the press. That's what it is.

What beautiful words. I should have done the speech this way. It would have been much more interesting.

What? A no. But seriously, we have suppression by the press. This is not freedom. This is the the it really is. It's the exact opposite of freedom of the press.

You know, if you think about it, every corrupt horse in American life that is responsible for cruel betrayals that hurt our family and all of the people that we love. They're supported by biden and they donated, but, you know, I could have been a much bigger fundraiser than him, but I didn't want to call every head of a wall street firm every head of the oil companies that we've made rich. Anyway, I did a great job. We're energy independent. That's that. So bad.

First time the failed establishment that started the disasters. Foreign wars. They support sleepy joe biden because they get anything they want. And he took in $300 million last month. You think he made any deals? No, I don't think so.

The career politicians that offshored your industries and decimated your factories. They support sleepy joe, the open borders lobbyists that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs, gangs and crimes. The people that wanted to stop the world, even though it do it works almost finished by the way he finished. But the people that wanted to stop it even though they knew full well it worked.

Remember? They said, no. No, we don't want a wall. Walls are obsolete.

We want drones. Drones. Okay, good drones. Flying toe watch. The people pour into our country.

They want drones. Let's have drones. The far left Democrat that ruined our public schools, depleted our inner cities, defunded our police and demeaned your sacred faith and values. They support.

Sleepy joe biden. You can't even go to your church is you can't even go to your church and your governor of north carolina. You gotta open up your state.

You gotta get your governor. I hope you're gonna vote for dan. But but you gotta get your state open. Don't worry about it. On november 4th, they'll announce your state is opening on november 4th. North carolina will be opened on november 4.

The anti right after the election, the anti. And because they want us to look bad, they don't care about people. They want us to look bad.

They want to try and steal an election. The anti American radicals defaming our noble history or heritage are heroes. They support sleepy joe antifa and the riders and looters and marxists and left wing extremists.

They all support joe biden. They always like to blame it on the right. You have an honest these were right wing. Yeah, it's very rare. You get bad on every side, but they always like to blame the right.

It always starts off with the right. The right. This election comes down to a simple choice. Do you want to be ruled by the arrogant, corrupt, ruthless and selfless political class.

Or do you want to be governed by the American people themselves? You wanna be represented by a career politician who hates you or by an outsider who will defend you like you have never been defended before? I didn't need this job. I had a very nice life. But I love what we're doing for our country.

Nobody has done so much nobody, no administration. And, you know, I never even had a challenge on this from the fake news. You know, normally, if you say something slightly off, they make a big deal. No administration President Has dunmore in the 1st 3.5 years than we have our military.

We rebuilt our tax, but our regulation cox Space Force, just a thing like space was I never even talked about Space Force right during the campaign. I did mawr than I actually talked about during the campaign. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.

Thank you. E thought this was a small, little cute area. You know, this was a small, little cute area when I came in. I'm watching fox and a gentleman and anchor said. They have a small crowd of about 22,500. Uh, I knew I knew, you know, it's it's an incredible thing.

This is a lot more than that. There's a lot of people. There's a lot more than I wanted to be here because it's important.

I mean, my granddaughter is named carolina, you know, on. We'll give south carolina some credit to, you know, they've been with us. Is that okay? I want to get your permission now. We'll give south carolina. South carolina is great.

Great people, too. Ah, vote for biden is a vote to hand the keys to government over to people who despise you and who want to rob your children of their American dream. That's what they're doing. A vote for biden is a vote to give control of government over to the globalist communist socialist, the wealthy liberal hypocrites who want to silence sensor, cancel and punish you. If you want your children to be safe and remember this against this, I'll put it very simply against the second amendment, right. If you're pro life, you can forget about it.

You know that, but tremendous support way have what we have. Did you see these people in california? They have lines of hundreds of miles of cars and tractors in iowa on boats, five or 6000 votes in lakes and oceans with the flags.

And if you want your values to be respected, if you want to be treated with honor and dignity and respect than I am asking for you to go out tomorrow or sooner. But I don't know, you tend to like to vote on election day, right way and vote is gonna be the most important election. In my opinion, in the history of our country, I never thought I was going to say it. If you would have told me I was going to say that four years ago, I would have said you're crazy but it's the most important because I've always said we will never be a socialist nation that z and I well remember what I said four years ago is that I am your voice and we will make America great again, and that's what we're doing.

Uh, and if we didn't get hit by the China plague now we're building it up again and we're doing it at a record clip in record numbers and at a much faster pace than any other country in the world. But we got hit by the plague from China, and we will never forget it. With God is my witness, I will never let you down. For the last four years, the depraved swamp has tried everything to stop me. Because they know I don't answer to them.

I answer to you. Together we will defeat the corrupt establishment. We will dethrone the failed political class and we will drain the washington swamp way will save the American dream thistle ec shin is also a choice between a deadly biden locked down. He wants to have you locked down. Yeah, I don't even know if he knows. I mean to be, uh they asked him a question.

I don't I don't think he has a clue. You could vote whoever you want, but I don't think he has a clue. You know it. The media knows that the media laughs behind his back. And then they say he did brilliantly today.

No, he didn't do brilliantly. He can't do it. He didn't do brilliantly in his prime. And he's not in his prime anymore, or a safe vaccine that ends the pandemic. And we're doing very well with the vaccine will be distributed very soon. We will mdistribute the vaccine in just a few short weeks.

It will quickly eradicate the virus and wipe out the China plague. Once and for all, joe biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turned America into a prison state. Looking again, that's more kamala remember when they said, this is the harris biden administration? Right?

I never did that with mike, and you know what? Mike pence never came to you, he said. Do you mind if I put my name first every once in a while? No.

Because, by the way, he's been a great vice president. Some people say it was a perfect combination. That was. He's a great guy. He loves. He's gonna be in your state a little while locking you in your home while letting far left riders room free.

The biden locked down will mean no school, no graduations, no weddings, no thanksgiving, no eastern, no christmas, no fourth of july and no future for America's youth. Other than that is fine. I think it's just if you want a vaccine to kill the virus, a job to support your family and freedom thio live your life. Then you go and cast your ballot for President Trump.

And if you remember the catastrophe joe biden, he's telling us how to run things right. This guy never ran a thing successfully. He was said horrible things about him. When he was in the administer, obama didn't even want to endorse him.

He wouldn't endorse him even after he won obama's that. This is no way. How long did it take him after you want it took for every obama couldn't believe it. I don't think obama is much better. You want to know that joe biden personally ran the swine flu, right? The swine flu h one n one, which he could never remember.

He never says a he says it. It goes in one h one. I said, don't.

He failed horribly, and he was a laughing stock all over washington. They were laughing at him and his own chief of staff said he was absolutely terrible. They had a terrible they did a terrible job.

Now he's telling us how to do it. I should have closed earlier. There's only one problem. He's on record all over the place, knocking may 2.5 months later for closing too soon and closing it all, he said.

Don't close, he xenophobic. You know, a xenophobic I didn't like people from China is what he's saying. It's so wrong. E think they're incredible people. I do.

I think they're incredible people. But he said xenophobic and then he runs for office. Is he should have closed earlier.

And you know what the press never covers that they just you can't get. The only time I get it covered is if I happen to be on live television, I'll say it again and again, and when I do say it, they try and turn it off. Let's go to commercial break right now.

I think I know what's coming. Thes air, really bad people. Secretary of defense robert gates said that biden has been wrong on every actually or nearly every major foreign policy and national security issue over the past four decades. He had no respect for him whatsoever.

Puree endorsed him because he's probably looking for something like everybody else, but I don't think any of them are going to get anything is I think we're gonna have one of the greatest victories tomorrow. But you don't have to take my word for what a disaster joe biden is because it's the great state of north carolina. I spent a fortune, see, does see the board. I spent a lot of money on the board, so let's just take a look at a little roll. Don't do it.

Don't do it. Don't do it to yourselves. Our country has such potential.

You can't do that to our country. He's not mentally equipped, just doesn't to be your president. He's not equipped to be your president, and I say it. You know, I say it because he's not a nice person.

Never was a nice person, but he was never a smart person. He was a touchy feely person, you know, hale and hearty, but not nice. But this is not a man that 25 years ago is not equipped to be your President And Iran. Many times, numerous times we called him 1% joe. Think of it. And now he's working on about 50% and he ends up winning the nomination because of elizabeth warren.

Elizabeth warren gave him that. All she had to do is drop out and he would have lost on super. Then we would add crazy bernie. So you know what? That but at least bernie, you know, they had a great, energetic base.

It's a small base, but energetic. But this is not a man that should be your president. We have tremendous potential. Our country has tremendous potential, and we can't blow it way can't blow it because there's no way to describe that.

And that's, like, 1%. We could keep you out here all day. Much of it happened yesterday and the day before yesterday. Oh, he had some beauties yesterday, but we can't do this and you know what's gonna happen.

Kamala will be put in that position very quickly. Me? All right on. She's more liberal than crazy bernie.

She's more liberal. In fact, she makes him look like a strict conservative. Joining us today are some incredible people, incredible friends and warriors. And I want to tell you, I just looked at a poll that he's up in the poll. Senator thom tillis.

He's up, he's up. That's great. I'm good. I'm very happy with that. That's we gotta get him.

And he's a good man, a good man. And your wife was great the other night. We had a good we had a great rally the other night and you were well represented. Let me tell you very well. Congratulations. Well, let's save that for tomorrow or the next day.

Or, as the supreme court would say sometime into the future. What a ruling. What a ruling. How?

The horrible thing that they've done do you know that puts our country in danger? Do you know what can happen during that long period of time? Pennsylvania. The long period of time. Do you know what can happen?

Number one cheating can happen like you've never seen. This is their dream. And they are they are known for it. You know, the philadelphia area is known for it, but what can happen during that long period of time is just a disgrace. Get your ballots in and have them in long before the third and have them counted before the third and and having election where we can say to the world that we know who won and we know who lost. What are our supreme court?

I'm just I'm just so tired of some of these horrible political decisions that are being made. It's a shame. It's a shame. And, you know I won't get into it too much. But I'm going to start getting into it because they're hurting our country very badly. Very bad.

Representative warrior david rouser rouser. David david rouser david. Thank you.

You're doing a great job. Appreciate it. Congress. We have a friend over there. Richard hudson. Where's richard?

Richard? Richard hudson, congressman. Another great guy. Great guys did a fantastic job in a friend of mine and somebody that's done an incredible job. Also in Congress. Dan bishop.

Thanks, dan. Thank you, dad. Doing a good job? He came in, you know.

He came in through the the system. He won a race. That was a tough race, right? We worked together on it and he had no choking him. He started off a little behind to put it nicely, and he ended up winning anyone solid.

And how are you doing on this one? Good. I don't have to help you as much. Uh, he's gonna win. He's gonna win.

He should win. He's a great congressman. All of them. All three.

Thank you very much, fellas. A man that hopefully you're going to recognize. For I guess he doesn't have the funds that the other one has e c commercials all the time for your governor. That has you in a total lock down.

But dan forest would be a phenomenal governor. Phenomena. Er hey, would be you could have a surprise then. That could be a big, beautiful gift to north carolina. Ugo, that's not bad.

Hey, dan, that's not bad, huh? Beautiful. That's hey, dan, that's a very impressive applause. You gotta have to be on. Don't kid yourself.

That is like a pole. You know, it's like a poll. Except instead of interviewing 73 people, they have thousands of people here much more than the 2000. He's got a nice 2000 people, and I don't think so.

Well, last night in miami, you want to see a crowd you couldn't even see the end of it. I've never seen anything like it. There's such spirit. I've never seen spirit like this on north carolina.

Gop chair. Somebody doing an incredible job if we went tomorrow. By the way, if we don't win tomorrow, they'll say, how's michael watley doing? I say not good at all. He didn't do a good job.

Michael watley, are we doing okay, michael? Yes. Get out! Get out!

The vote might get him out. Get out the vote. Thanks, michael. You're doing a good job.

I also want to recognize medal of honor recipient command sergeant major bob patterson. Raise bob ways. Bob.

Whoa! He looks good. He looks good. Wow.

Your husband. Oh, that's a good looking couple. Wow, that's some incredible honor. That's some incredible honor. I'll tell you what. There is no greater honor.

And are you proud of your husband? But he's proud of you, too. 00 she's brought up trump.

Look at that. Thank you. I knew I liked her. I knew I liked her. Thank you both very much.

Great honor. That's the highest honor you can get. Former prisoner of war and vietnam. Veteran captain ken wells. A really a really hero. Where?

Ska a really hero. Thank you. Thank you. Really tough looking, heavy stuff. He's a tough looking. He's a tough looking guy.

Thank you. Thank you very much. Beautiful. You look great.

Thank you. These are great people. And world war two hero and d day veteran. Very, very brave.

They say harold. Frank. Hi, harold. You're looking good.

Thank you, erin. Right. Hey, said he's a brave one. Thank you, howard. You're looking good.

Guys look good. I don't know. They go through all that. They come out, they look better than all of us out of them.

Something about the war. Something about brave people, right? Military spouse.

And don't ever underestimate that is where it all begins. Somebody who's incredible. Donna dotson. Donna, where's donna? Thank you, donna. Thank you very much.

Thank you, donna. Great to have you. Thank you very much. And retired sergeant major karen de la vega.

Karen. Thank right. Thank you, karen.

Great people. Thank you all for your extraordinary service. And it's an honor to have you with us. Really is. Thank you very much. For 47 years, joe biden viciously repeatedly attacked black americans.

He decimated the black middle class and called young black men super predators to every black American vote for trump. This'd is your one and only chance to show sleepy joe biden. What do you think of his decision to attack you? To insult you, to jail you and to betray you. I am fighting for you and got criminal justice reform, prison reform opportunity zones with tim scott and funding for historically black colleges and universities. I got it done.

Nobody else got it. And with the exception of that, I use the word possibly possible exception. But I could use it. Or maybe I won't. I'll keep it a little bit less controversial.

With the exception of abraham lincoln, there's been no president. That's dunmore for the black community than donald trump? No, thank you. Very. Thank you.

Okay. Thank you very much. Under my leadership, we achieved the most secure border in u. S.

History. Joe biden has pledged to open borders. He's actually talking about taking down the walk. And you believe, let's take down the wall, let everybody pour into our country. He wants to take down though he said it, I don't know, maybe. But he did say, let's take down the wall.

One of the biggest projects that we've ever done. You know, it's a tremendous project. We're up to over 400 miles. We're gonna be finished very soon. Over 400. Exactly.

Designed to the specifications of the border patrol who are great mass amnesty wants to give them free health care. This is for illegal aliens and wants to keep deadly sanctuary cities. Your state has a sanctuary city. You know that, right?

You have a sanctuary city, right? A very big one, actually. That doesn't work very well. We believe our city should be sanctuaries for law abiding americans, not criminal aliens.

The biden harris plan would increase refugees from terrorist nations by a staggering 700%. This has been agreed. Toe has been agreed. Thio? No, thank you, fellas.

I'm not interested. I'm keeping radical islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. If I have e have the approval of north carolina will keep. We're going to keep him way invested. $2.5 trillion in the u. S.

Military. We have the greatest equipment. Greatest people, 2.5 trillion. You think that was easy to get from the Democrat? Actually, the wall was even tougher.

The wall was tougher. We got it. Do you notice? Once I got the wall started, got all the funding. One. All the court cases against the Democrat.

The President Talks about it anymore. They don't talk about it. We have the best statistics, the best.

And can you imagine during the pandemic? Because, you know, mexico's very heavily, unfortunately infected. And it was a good thing that we had it up.

That's why the numbers are so good. We also pass for our great vets v a choice and va accountability. Nobody thought that could happen. We obliterated 100% of the ISIS caliphate way killed the leader of ISIS al baghdadi is dead.

Last week I visited fort bragg, where I presented the presidential unit citation to the special forces team that achieved that historic victory. It was, and we are keeping the name fort bragg. You dio they want cancel culture. You know, we won two world wars out of fort bragg, and we have other forts, and we're keeping it way won two world wars at a fort bragg on.

Now they say, let's change the name. Let's change the name before it. Greg, we'll pick somebody else. Do you have any good suggestions now? No.

No, we have to. We have to keep. We have to keep its our culture. It's our heritage.

So many victories, so many victories at a fort bragg, we also eliminated the world's top terrorist. Solomon is dead. I recognized the capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. E also recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights. 52 years they tried together on instead of endless war in the Middle East were forging peace. Were lined up to come in.

I said, how did obama and all of those that came before him do it? They told me they all use the same method. I said, really, I'm going to go the opposite about that.

And it worked very nicely. No, no blood in the sand. No cost three very powerful countries already signed. We have many others. They're standing online.

What? Standing in? And we're bringing our troops back home.

Our troops air coming back home. They're coming back in 19 years is enough. They serve as policemen. I said no. You have to get your own police department.

I'm sorry. A vote for me and the Republican party is a vote for the American dream. And in conclusion, over the next four years, we will make America into the manufacturing superpower of the world.

Way will end our reliance on China, which has already served. Can you imagine? Biden sang. We're not gonna we're not gonna end our reliance. I mean, can you imagine we are going to end our reliance on you. Hey.

Hey. We gave you seven billion and a half. What the hell are you telling may?

Okay. Well, I don't know, senator. I think it would be tough for him, right? No, they wanted 10 million.

They wanted 10 year for his services, right? And then you say, no, I'm not going to do with China anymore. Or I'm gonna be tough in China.

You know, I've taken out many, many billions of dollars. We never did this in this country, not 10 cents. I gave $28 billion from China to our farmers because they targeted our farm 2028 billion. And we had plenty of money left over which went into the u.

S. Treasury. Thank you. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assaults or law enforcement, and we will ban deadly sanctuary city.

With God's help, we will defend the right to life religious liberty, free speech at the right to keep and bear arms. We will maintain America's unrivaled military might. And we will ensure peace through strength. You know, with the envy of every country in the world. Our military now has the greatest equipment all made in the usa.

But we have the greatest equipment in the world. We will end surprise medical building require price transparency at lower drug prices. Even mawr. We instituted a favorite nations laws we paid by far the most in the world.

We're going to pay now the least in the world and nobody can believe I did it. And the big pharma does not like me too much. They're not so happy with me. And we will always protect patients with pre existing conditions. America will add the first woman in the moon in the United States will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars way will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our school way will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American flag way will live by the timeless words of our national motto. In God we trust.

For years you had a President Who apologize for America. Now you have a President Who is standing up for America and standing up for the great people of north carolina. I dio on your tobacco growers are in good shape, by the way, please let them know.

Okay. Do you have any tobacco growers here? Please? They're in good shape.

They work hard. They were treated vory rough. Tomorrow you have the power to do so much for our country. You have the power to vote. So go out and vote unless you're gonna vote for somebody other than me.

In which case, sit it out. You ever hear these politicians get up in there? So you have the power to vote and it makes no difference if you vote for me or my opponent.

They're such liars. It's it's liars. So get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get your co workers.

Get your boss, grab them by the thai. Say, let's go, boss. And get out and vote from greensboro to charlotte from wilmington, doralee from asheville to right here in fayetteville. Shade ville. I love the name fayette.

We inherit the legacy of American patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears to defend our country and to defend our freedom. We stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, settle the continent, tamed the wilderness, laid down the railroads, raised up the great great beautiful skyscrapers, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and made America into the single greatest nation in the history of the world. On the best is yet to come. You will see that proud citizens like you helped build this country and together we are taking back our country. We are returning power to you, the American people, with your help, your devotion and your drive.

We're going to keep on working. We're going to keep on fighting. We're going to keep on winning. Winning.

Okay, we are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God and together with the incredible people of north carolina way have made America powerful again. Military. We have made America wealthy again. Way have made America strong again. We have made America proud again. We have made America safe again on we will make America great again.

Thank you, north carolina. Thank you. Go out and vote