ID: CSPANDT202202038
Title: President Trump Campaign Rally in Colorado Springs, Colorado
Date: 2020-02-20

thank you. [applause] where else would you like to be but I trump rally -- but a trump rally? [applause] pres. Trump: hello, colorado.

We love colorado. Beautiful place. I am thrilled to be back in colorado springs. I spent a lot of time here over the years. Beautiful place. Bonita the majestic peaks, the rocky mountains, thousands of terrific, hard-working, great American patriots.

[applause] with your help this november, we are going to defeat the radical Democrat. [applause] and we are going to win colorado in a landslide. [applause] and you are going to help us get cory gardner across that allied because he has been with us 100%. [applause] he has been with us. There was no waiver.

We appreciated. Thank you. This month, we mark a very special anniversary. 75 years ago this week, our unit sites -- our United States marines landed on the shores of iwo jima and began one of the bloodiest battles of the second world war. It was a rough one.

Tonight, it is our great privilege to be joined by three of the heroes of the battle of iwo jima. James blaine. Donald whipple. And john thurman. [applause] [chanting "u.s.a."] great patriots, very brave people. And tonight, we also honor the life of an extraordinary American hero, one of the last known survivors of the attack on the uss arizona at pearl harbor in 19 41, he was in the oval office recently, a little while ago, a year and a half ago.

We want to pay our respects, ok? You know who it is? Donald stratton. Well-known guy. Just passed away. Sadly, he passed away a few days ago.

He was going to be here. Passed away a few days ago. But he was great.

I have a beautiful picture of him outside and we are going to honor him and his family. Great gentlemen. We were going to have four. We have three at we want to thank you for being here. Thank you.

[applause] because America is truly a land of euros. -- allete of -- a land of he roes. I would like to acknowledge the veterans of the vietnam war and iraq and afghanistan wars who are here this evening. A lot of them. Great people. This is an incredible time for America.

We have the best economy in our history. The most prosperity of any country, we are doing better than any country in the world, it is not even close. [applause] at we have rebuilt our military over the last three years. Don't tell anybody, but we spent $2.5 trillion.

When it comes to our military and our safety and security, we don't worry about budgets. [applause] we had to rebuild it. It wasn't bad shape, it was old, it was tired. We have the best people in the world but with old equipment.

Now we have new missiles and rockets. We have everything. All made in the usa. [applause] [chanting "usa"] in my state of the union address, I proudly declared that we are in the midst of the great American comeback.

That is what we are doing. Our country is stronger today than ever before. [applause] after three years of ridiculous witchhunts and scams and partisan Democrat crusades, the radical left's attempt to poison our democracy and overturn the last election have totally failed. They have been a complete flop and we today have the highest poll numbers we have ever had. Today, just came out. [applause] I don't know if anybody watched last night's debate.

[booing] it got bigger ratings. You know what? Mini mike did not do well last night. I was going to send him a note saying, it is not easy doing what I do, is it?

It is not easy, mike. Not easy for any of them. He went way down. It is all right. Mini mike. How about amy klobuchar?

She choked. [applause] she choked. She could not breathe. Newman looked at her and said something slightly derogatory.

She said, are you accusing me of being dumb? Who would make a statement like that? That is really what he was doing but he does not want to say that. How about that? Are you saying I am dumb? That was the end of her campaign in my book.

You don't say that, even if it is true, you don't say that. They had a crazy person on today on one of the fox shows. Fox does not treat us the way they used to but we have a great show on sean hannity and we have laura and tucker. And we have in the morning fox and friends, steve, and brian has gotten better.

And we have lou dobbs. The greater lou dobbs, he says -- two years ago, he said he is these -- he is the greatest since ronald reagan. Six month ago, he says, he is better than reagan.

Then a few nights ago, he is the greatest we ever had. I said, does not include lincoln at george washington? He said come out includes them all. That is lou dobbs.

[applause] and you have jesse waters, how about jesse? And at judge jeanine? [applause] at even greg. Greg hated us, but now he said, whether I like him or not, he gets it done. It is about getting it done.

I have been getting it done. Nobody has done what we have done. It was different in the old days, it was better for us. It was better for us. But it is ok. We will wait anyway.

-- we will win anyway. They had this woman on -- mielke boo'd up does not treat us good. She says I don't like him. Nobody likes him. Remember last -- you're a matter who?

He got fired. Remember? He is gone. Now neil has taken his place.

He is a nice guy but he does not like trump too much. He put this woman on today and she said, donald trump did not do well in the debates and he born, she was -- and he won, she was referring to mike bloomberg. I said, I want every debate. We sent them poll after poll, not only one of them, but one by ivanka. I just a saying, every poll -- they do those polls. Time magazine -- I said, nobody is allowed to do that.

You can't do that. We are at an elf of a disadvantage with the fake news. They make up 90% -- [booing] where is danske bank?

Bring me those pages appear. Bring those pages up. Go get them. It is such fake news.

It is disgusting. They do better if they told the truth. Do you agree?

They would do better. [applause] someday in 10, 14, 18, 22 years when I am gone, when we leave office in 26 years or so, they will missiles. -- they will miss our spirited -- they will miss us. Months before Iran, 2016, I was thinking about it, I said to my wife who has become a great first lady -- [applause] they said one of the greatest deals ever assembled, what should I run for?

I remember holding up the new york times and it was like a leaflet that you give at a supermarket. It is a thing blowing in the -- it was dead. Now it is successful again. When we leave, we leave together.

We are unified. This is the most unified the Republican party has ever been. [applause] and when we leave, the new york times -- thank you. Dan escobedo, most powerful man in politics. So zuckerberg left, who is number one in the world on facebook? I'm saying this in front of the fake news because up I am wrong they are going to report me.

Who is number one on the world in facebook? [applause] that is us. He walked in -- we had dinner recently because I wanted them to pay taxes, I want to find out what is going on. He walked into my he is smart, he said I want to congratulate you, small dinner, few people, you are number one in the world in facebook.

I said, who is number two? He said, the prime minister of india. He has 1.5 billion people and we have 350. He should be number one. But we are never going to give up deposition of number one in the world for our country, for facebook, for twitter, for anything.

They still have not figured it out. They have not. It out. Look at that press. Look at all that press.

By the way, how bad where the academy awards this year? [booing] and the winner is a movie from South Korea. What was that all about?

We got enough problems with South Korea out with trade. On top of it, they give the best movie of the year? Was it good? I don't know. Let's get going with the wind, can beget gone with the wind back?

Sunset boulevard? So many great movies. The winner is from South Korea. I thought it was best foreign film.

Best foreign movie. Then you have brad pitt, I was never a fan of his. [booing] a wise guy. He is a little wiseguy. Best foreign movie.

No, it was -- this has never happened before. Anyway -- I show this real quick. This horrible journalist, she is a trump hater. You know what she is worth? Zero ratings. Nobody watches her.

She said -- look, bloomberg made a fool out of himself, he choked. He has another one going -- I can't breathe, I can't breathe. Someone asked me a question, please. I look at my wife, I said, let's send him a note, it is not so easy to do what I did come out right? Not so easy.

But this woman who is a third rate, forthright -- she has been with everybody. I want to use her name because we want maker to famous. It plays to their advantage. But she is third rate.

The lowest rated show on fox. That's why. She said, donald trump did not get good ratings, he did not do well in the polls, he did not do well in the debates. She said we were defeated and the debates. I defeated crooked hillary every time.

By a lot. [applause] she is crooked as a three dollar bill. Whatever happened to the 33,000 emails?

She deleted them. She did not -- can you imagine if a Republican did that? They would want to bring back the death penalty, right? To standards, but I think things are happening. I said drain the swamp, I just never knew how deep it was. We have more garbage than you would believe.

This is part of the swamp. Whati said drain the happens, she said donald trump did not do well in the debates, remember my answer? Rosie o'donnell. First question -- we took down the House. The second, I had to raise my hand, I am the only one that raised a hand.

The place went crazy because I was the only one telling the truth. Turns out I was the only 1 -- you know, the people get it. She said, I did not do well in debate. I want every debate. We had 15 or 14 debates. The presidential debates with crooked hillary against myself.

Here's one. I am guilty, because these are all my friends. A lot on my friends now. They were not then. They were my enemies.

Hard to be friends when you are competing. You are right about that. Here is -- donald trump, 67, the next one was 13%, the next one was 5%, 4%, 3%, 2%, 2%, 2%, 1%, 1%, at its euro percent.

-- at 0%. That is time magazine. They don't like me, I don't like them either. Actually, I like the new owner. This year, I got beaten out by greta. You know greta?

[booing] last year, I got beaten up -- I think I want it. When the world revolves around all of us, we should be chosen. There is nothing wrong with it.

But we should win it every year. Let's face it. Now they call it person of the year gala not man of the year. I know the women say, isn't that nice?

A lot of the women don't like it. We should have a woman of the year at a man of that year. I like that. Ok, here is what report. They started to treat me good again. I like him.

Trump -- ted cruz came in second. He was a great debater. Rubio came in third.

A guy who I don't like much and they don't like him in ohio either, john kasich, he was way down. Look, who won? Trump.

Here another one. Again, a different one, time magazine. Trump, 33%.

Ben carson, good man, he was there. Marco rubio, jeb bush, ted cruz, cardiff urena, a nine -- carly furia -- carly b arena, a knife I have not heard in a long time. -- a new not in a long time.

Trump, 46%. I did not make this up. This is a different debate. They are all different. I want every one of them. I picked these at random.

46%. 5%, 3%, 5%, 3%, 9%, 5%, 11%. Trump, 46%. [applause] here's another one.

Cnbc. [booing] the mark has been up, they have been not so bad. Joe is a good guy. Some of the rest I don't care for. He plays it down the middle. Which is ok.

Trump, almost 50%. All the rest of them, 14%, 4%, 3%, 2.8%. I'm not going to give you the names. I want to argue -- I got 48.8%. Jeb bush got 1.1%.

The rest I will not talk about. He has not been a great supporter. You know? A never trump or I guess. Jeb bush, 1.1%.

Trump, 48%. That is another one. Here's a nice one. Look at this.

Donald trump, 70%. Next one is 18%. Next one is seven percent.

3%, 3%, 3%, 2%, 2%, 1%, 1%, 1%. [applause] trump did not do well in the debates. Trump did not do well in the debates. They are fake news. [booing] here is another one. Trump kicked ass.

Trump, 48%. Number two was 6%. Here's another one. Trump, 75.6%. Crooked hillary was 24%.

This was against crooked hillary. Look at that. Trump was 74.6 percent, crooked hillary was to depart 1%. Trump was 80%, crooked hillary was 18%. I have this woman -- you know who it is. Nobody knows -- we will not mention her.

Everybody knows -- neil caputo, she has no credibility and neither does neil caputo. Crooked hillary, by the way, one is a possible, what is breitbart, one as the drudge report, what is syracuse.com. This is a good one. Look at these numbers.

Trump, 92%. [applause] I am winning every poll. I beat crooked hillary. Here's the one.

Trump, 61%. Crooked hillary, 39%. Then I turn on the show on fox -- it is not the same, it was better.

I turn on fox and I have this third rate political journalist, if you call her that, saying trump did poorly in the debates but became -- no, I did great in the debates. I became President Because of the debates. Unlike mini mike, I could answer the questions. [applause] these are the ones taken right after people call it hundreds of thousands of people, they call and time magazine, here is a cnbc.

Crooked hillary clinton, 39%. Donald trump, 61%. Than a stupid person said I did not debate well. I don't mind.

You can have that debates. But I want every single debate. Then I listen to this -- four years later, I have to listen to a person saying how we did not do well because these people are among be both dishonest people anywhere in the world. Take it. [booing] he said it is a lot of bowl.

While they are doing that stuff -- we are working with a clown, working with these people that want to take you out. They want to change the results -- they got caught spying on our election, fake news. Fake news, take your camera for a change and show them the room and show them behind you.

[applause] show them the room. [chanting "usa"] they never do with. Including fox. Fox is not that much better, we just got lucky because their high rated shows are the ones that like trump. Their abuser shows are the ones that don't like trump. -- their loser shows are the ones that don't like trump.

How is shep smith doing by the way? They never show the room. Our great first lady goes, -- [applause] I say, did you watch the debate? Yeah. How did the room look? Last night, I think we turned away 21,000 people, we had an readout -- it helped 12, but we fill up the ice rink.

We had a 16,000 people, it was like on fire. You are solid. It was great. -- you all saw it. It was great.

She said to me, how did you do? I said, I did great. Did you see the are we not? She said, they never show the arena.

[booing] you know dana white at ufc? I want to tell you about him yet. He is a brilliant guy. $4 billion, he got. Great people. You know what?

They are always showing, it is full. These fakers, they don't want people. But I tell you what my wife said. They don't show it, but you cannot imitate 15,000 people. [applause] they want to show it. They never show it.

[applause] we have never had an empty seat from the day I came down the escalator, not one. With these guys -- what these guys do come up and misses jones sitting up there, people couple, if they said, sorry, there is nothing I can do about it, I have to go to the bathroom, I will watch with you, the cameras clung onto those seats, they clung on and they say, there were two empty seats. These are the worst people.

When I tell them to spin around those cameras, they stay that way. If we had a protester somewhere in the arena, it could be up in that corner where it is loaded with people, those cameras can do -- they look like a pretzel. They look like a pretzel, they want to fight if there is trouble, those same guys can cover anything. I used to think it is the equipment, it is rigid, they can't turn it. Then some idiot from in the corner start screaming stupid stuff.

That is dangerous in this room, to be honest. We don't have it too much. [applause] they only pick on the guys that are by themselves and are not fighters. If summary up there does something, those cameras turn around, spin around like a pretzel. They bend -- that was the end of my theory that we have rigid equipment.

By the way, I told them, turn around, not one camera turned around to show the room. It is fake news. [booing] while the extreme left has been wasting America's time with vile hoaxes, we have been killing terrorists, creating jobs, raising wages, enacting fair trade deals, securing our border, and living up citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. [applause] we added another 225,000 new jobs last month.

Why above what our geniuses back there thought it would be. 225,000, think of it. We have now more people working in our country than at any time in the history of our country. Almost 150 million people.

[applause] right now, since the election, we go by the election, a lot of things happened when we one. From the day we wonalmost 150 million people. That beautiful, november day, the most exciting night in the history of television, including ufc fights. [applause] the most exciting night, the biggest ratings in the history of television worldwide, they were watching -- I had friends in paris and london, what you doing? I am watching, 3:00 in the morning, 5:00 in the morning, the whole world was watching.

That was the most exciting television that anybody has ever -- even espn, some guy on yes beyond said, this is the most exciting event I had ever seen. All he does is watch sport events. Since the election, 7 million brand-new, beautiful jobs have been added. [applause] we have invested more than $2 trillion into that military that we talked about and we created something that is very exciting and we have our great new general, he is on -- he was on a list of the most incredible man you have ever seen.

The sixth branch of the United States armed forces, the Space Force. [applause] I will be making a big decision for the 's as to where it's going to be located. I know you wanted. [cheers] we will make that decision toward the end of the year. I was up at the air force academy. Those kids were so great.

I did the commencement address. Was the General Said, would you like to shake hands with the cadets? I said, does everyone else do it? Oh, yes or. He said, they will shake 10 hands.

How many do you have? 1156 cadets. I said, other people do it? Yes, sir. They don't do 1156. They will take the top 10 out of the class.

I said, I'll do it. I sit there for 2.5 hours. [cheers] it's true. [cheers] I shook 1156 hands. [cheers] a lot of these kids are very strong, physically.

[laughter] one of them was the winner of the home run derby. Did you know that? The college home run derby. Let me see you.

I want to see what you look like. I did something for air force. I did some but -- something for all of the academies.

If you were a great athlete and they had a hard time recruiting, you can't -- we wanted to get them to go but they didn't because they didn't want to serve five years in the military and go to the nfl or baseball. I had one of the teams in. They said, give us the waiver. They have been after the waiver. Do you know what the waiver is?

If you are a great athlete, you can go to the air force academy or army, navy, the coast guard, you can go to one of our service academies. We got it through Congress. You don't have to serve. You go directly into the major leaks come into the nfl.

You serve your time after you get out. Isn't that great? [cheers] the army coach is a great guy. All great guys. He said, if you do that, we can compete with anybody. We lost a lot of great athletes who said, we can't do that.

Now they serve their time afterwards. Isn't that great? They've been trying to get that for so many years. [cheers] I love that group of people. I saw this guy from the home run derby.

I should camps. -- shook hands. They are strong people. They are excited and nervous. They are meeting the president.

They are strong. Big, strong hands. I'm saying, hello. Sir, thank you. [laughter] I'm captain of my wrestling team. I admire you greatly.

I'm trying to act like it doesn't hurt. [laughter] by the end of the day, I'm going, -- but we did it. I said, general, no other President Could do that.

He said, they stopped usually at around 50. That's great. I love the air force academy. You have all of the infrastructure. You are being very strongly considered for the Space Force.

[cheers] I think I can say this. The governor showed up today. Your governor, Democrat.

[booing] he showed up. He wanted to lobby to see if they could get it. That's ok. That's all right. We are going to be making that decision when we make that decision. Ok.

We destroyed the ISIS territorial caliphate 100%. We killed the founder and leader of ISIS. He's dead. He's dead.

[cheers and applause] and we just killed the world's number one terrorist, kissing solemani, ending his evil reign of terror forever. Forever and ever. [cheers and applause] [chanting] he was the king of the roadside bomb.

When you see these young men and women, no legs, no arms, they get it. 92% of them were from him. They started making them. They have great detection. We have these guys. All of a sudden, the detection wasn't working because they started making them out of plastic instead of metal.

They are blowing the guys up with the scopes. They had the scopes on. That happened recently because they started making them out of plastic. Real scum. He's gone.

He's evil. He's dead. America is respected again like never before. [cheers and applause] as we keep on winning, washington Democrat keep on losing their minds. They've gone nuts. That's why millions of registered Democrat, voters, people that were with the Democrat for a long time, they are leaving their party to join our movement.

[cheers and applause] they are joining our great Republican party. We have more enthusiasm than any party in the last 50 years. [cheers and applause] don't believe stories and polls.

The polls are worse than the stories. They get phony polls. Two weeks ago. The great state of texas, they love me and remember beddoe -- beto? I was born for this.

He had problems. He came out against oil and gas, the bible, and guns. [booing] abraham lincoln couldn't win texas.

Think of this. He's against religion, he's against guns, and he's against oil. [booing] somehow that doesn't play.

This happened four years ago. Remember? Donald trump is in trouble in texas.

I don't think so. They announced, the polls have closed. They only announce if you will win by a lot. Otherwise it takes all my.

The great state of texas, donald trump has one the great state of texas. [cheers and applause] they had little buttigieg. I've had you up to hear.

Little buttigieg. Leading donald trump in texas. These people. But very close.

It's too close to call. This is a poll. Buttigieg. A friend of mine from texas, a strong guy, I would love to wear his hat so I wouldn't have to comb my hair so much. I love those texas hats. I don't know if we would get a wave with it in washington.

The biggest hat. He's interviewed by somebody. Listen, I don't know much about politics. I can tell you one thing. Buttigieg is not tied with the president. The President Is leading him by 20 points.

It's like I said the last time. Nobody is leading trump in texas. You know what? Nobody is even close to us in the great state of colorado. We're leaving.

-- leading. [cheers and applause] nobody. With your energy and enthusiasm, this november, november 3 is the big day. This is going to be as big -- I cannot say bigger. What was bigger from that -- then that? They came all of the place.

Great people. They never saw anybody they wanted to vote for. Women would come in. They haven't voted in 20 years. Great women, strong women, beautiful women, wise women.

[cheers and applause] incredible. [cheers and applause] they love our country. They work hard. They pay their taxes. We are the elite.

They are not the only. We are the elite. [cheers and applause] they would show up, they got trump bandanas along with mike pence. They got the hats.

These are people that were never political people. Now they have 30 pins over their chest. They have hats with the things in the trump. Nobody has seen anything like it.

It's a revolution. We are turning this country around. I'm not saying anything could ever compete with 2016. I think if we don't do it, a lot of what we have done -- we will go over the jobs and the regulation cuts and what we've done for the vets with choice and accountability. You know what?

They can undo it. In four years, they can't undo it. That tree will be planted. It will be solid. We have to win. [cheers and applause] your second amendment is at stake.

Remember that. This november, we are going to take back the House. We're going to hold the Senate.

We're going to keep the white House. [cheers and applause] we are thrilled tonight to be joined by many great leaders from across this incredible state. I want to thank mike pence. I already grave -- gave a great speech. I never want to be too good.

Mike, take it easy. Can't be too good. Mike is great. We have Secretary David bernhardt, department of interior.

Thank you. Come on up. [applause] he's great. What he's doing, the largest landlord by a factor of 2000, department of the interior.

You are taking good care of colorado please. He's a big deal in colorado, right? He's a big deal. All those beautiful mountains and rivers and lakes. You better keep them nice and clean.

We like the environment more than anybody. We want clean water and clean air. You have warriors.

197-0. Think of it. The Republican. Congressman ken buck. Come on up. Congressman scott tipton.

And Congressman Doug lamborn. Thank you. We are also joints tonight -- joint tonight by somebody that you really love -- joined tonight by somebody that you really love. My son, don jr.

Kimberly guilfoyle, thank you. And a man, he happens to own the chicago cubs. But that's ok. He's done an incredible job. He had a five-year plan.

On the fifth year, the stadium was totally rebuilt and they won the world series. Rnc finance chairman talk -- todd ricketts. Come on up.

I mentioned him earlier. He didn't know I was that she was here. -- we didn't know that he was here. He's a tough cookie. He made our country great, truly. He started off with two people fighting each other.

He got four people fighting each other. He got them fighting each other each other. He got 6, 8, 12. People started watching and looking. I was proud to hold his first event.

They said, it's too dangerous. I was the only one who said, we will take it. It was unbelievable. This is great. Let's do it again.

He has been my friend for a long time. They put together a phenomenal deal. It is called ufc. He's the ufc president. They just sold the company. He started off for about $30.

And they just sold it for $4 billion. The people that bought it said, we are not buying it unless dana white stays back and runs it. Come on up. He's a very wealthy guy. Do you want to hear from him?

Yeah? That was beautiful. We get tired of hearing from politicians all the time. Right? What a job he does. Thank you very much.

You're my great friend. I want to bring up a man who's going to win the election with us. He has been. He has been rock solid. We are doing great in the state.

We are doing great. Your second amendment, you like the second amendment. With me, they are not going to play with your second amendment. Not going to happen.

It is under siege. You see what is happening. He has been so great. Cory gardner, please come on up. Thank you. That's beautiful.

True with the pipeline. I have been trying for a long time. We will be announcing very big for the end of the year. Gloria is a champion for the people of colorado.

He loves your state. He does the tractor thing. He loves tractors.

He sells a certain type. If there's any noise, let the people here us. He's got my complete and total support and endorsement. He will never let you down. That was quick. That was quick.

She goes home to mom and mom loves us. Her mother is a big supporter. Was that you would your big stadium? She will have a lot of trouble at home with mom and dad. Together, we are building the world's most prosperous economy. What we've done in the last three years they said was absolutely impossible to do.

We've created nearly 180,000 new jobs right here in colorado. Nobody would have thought that. Including 25,000 new manufacturing and construction jobs. Remember. You can't do manufacturing jobs anymore. Really?

Tell me about it. Unemployment has reached the lowest rate in over half a century. The average unemployment rate, this is a beauty. For my administration, it's the lowest for any United States President In the history of our country. The unemployment rate among african-americans, hispanic americans, and asian-americans has reached the lowest levels ever recorded.

And for women, 71 years, soon you will be hitting the historic number. 71 years, the best numbers in 71 years. African-American and hispanic American poverty has plummeted to the lowest rates ever recorded. The unemployment rate for women is going. I'm telling you, within a short time, you will see statistics coming out.

If you go 16 of these come if you miss pronounce one word, they say, what's wrong? Statistics. Statistics for women that will be unbelievable. It will be unbelievable.

The best ever. The veterans unemployment rate dropped to a record low. Workers without a high school diploma have achieved the lowest unemployment rate ever recorded in u.s. History. Half a million more hispanic americans now own a home.

We've lifted 10 million people off of welfare and median household income is now at the highest level in the history of our country. To lift up forgotten communities that need investment the most, we created with tim scott, great guy, great Senator From south carolina, opportunities, jobs, investment are now pouring in to over 125 newly designated opportunity zones right here in colorado. You know about that, right? Opportunity zones are amazing. We are supporting working families by fighting for paid family leave and getting it. Reducing the cost of childcare and giving 40 million American families an average of $2200 in their pockets directly thanks to the Republican child tax credit.

People don't know that. Our historic regulatory reduction campaign is ending the tierney of washington bureaucrats. We repealed the ridiculous orders of the United States ruled which was basically taking away your property. We are taking the bureau of land management out of washington, d.c., we are just on it. Thank you very much Secretary Bernhardt. Nice, slim, beautiful looking man.

He looks beautiful. When you work with him, he is beautiful. He gets it done. We are moving its headquarters to grand junction, colorado.

We believe that the people that manage the land, the great American west, should live right here in the great American west. We have ended the war on American energy. There's a war and we are up. We're doing it. We are right he -- right now energy independent. Can you believe it?

They want to use wind, wind, wind. Low, wind, please. Please keep the birds away from the windmills, please. Tell those beautiful bald eagles -- oh no, a bald eagle. If you shoot a bald eagle, they put you in jail for a long time. The windmills knock them out like crazy.

It's true. I think they have a rule. After a certain number of kills, you have to close down the windmill. Do you believe this?

They are all made in China and Germany. Siemens. For those of you that want to hear it, more stuff goes up into the air and up into the ozone.

The atmosphere. More stuff is going up there. They don't say this.

After a time, they get old and rusty. A lot of the guys say, they are useful. Let's get out of here. They are all over the place. Look at palm springs, california. They are all over the place.

They are closed, rotting, they look like hell. Every major Democrat running for President Wants to entirely eliminate American production of oil and natural gas, crushing colorado's economy. Destroying tens of thousands of colorado energy jobs and demolishing property values all across the state. They are doing that. You will look for one of these people, probably crazy bernie.

He seems to be leading. Many mike, I thought he would come up. He can't because he can't debate. He wasn't meant for the camera. We agree?

He was not exactly great last night. No, I think he lost last night. Only in colorado could somebody say -- no, it looks like bernie. Crazy bernie.

Crazy bernie is not big into natural gas and oil. The things that keep our great factories and plants going. Right? Colorado voters will never let it happen.

We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies. America lost one in four manufacturing jobs following the twin disasters of nafta and China's entrance into the wto. Under this administration, all of that is changing. The era of economic surrender is over, thank you.

Last month, we ended the nafta catastrophe. I signed the brand-new u.s. Mexico canada agreement into law.

Incredible deal. The usmca is a gigantic victory for farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers all across the great state of colorado. Also, you know, something we got that people don't talk about -- if you love your children, you don't have to pay state taxes on your beautiful small part -- farms and businesses. If you love your children, if you don't love your children, don't worry about it. It doesn't matter.

You don't love them, don't leave that beautiful farm to your children. Give it to somebody else. They don't treat you well, don't leave them anything. Are you listening, donnie? I also took -- it's true. It's a big deal.

Farmers were leaving their ranches and farms and small businesses to their family. They were being assessed and valued much higher than it was worth. You couldn't do it. Your kids would borrow a lot of money.

They would end up losing their business, the farm that was in your family for 150 years. Maybe they will never be you. Maybe they can't farm like you. Maybe they are better. They would borrow a lot of money and lose the farms in knackered -- numbers that are staggering.

We got rid of it. No more death tax. I also took the strongest ever action to confront China's massive theft of American jobs. What they've done to us over the years, we were losing 200 billion, not million, billion. Billion. 500 million would be a lot.

We are talking about 500 billion. Our strategy worked. We put tariffs up. 25% on the first $250 billion. Billions of dollars poured into the United States.

They devalue their currency. We didn't pay for it despite the fact that these guys like to say that we did. China came to the table and we made a deal that is great for us and hopefully great for them. Last month, we signed a groundbreaking trade agreement with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, and boost American exports.

$250 billion worth of purchases, $50 billion worth of farm, agricultural produces. -- purchases. The most I ever purchased was 16 billion. You know that story. 16 billion was the most ever.

You know, Secretary Sonny perdue has done a great job. I said, make it 20. They agreed on 20. Now we are getting ready to close the deal. Biggest radial ever made. The biggest deal ever made.

We are getting ready to close the deal between that and usmca. We are getting ready to close it. I go over, what you have for the farmers? I gave you a lot of money. I gave you a lot of money.

16,000,000,001 year. 12 billion from the or before. I took it out of the tariffs.

We had a lot left over. I said, tell me, let me ask you, what we have? What's the number? 20 billion. They will for -- purchase 20 billion. I said, make it 50.

We went to China. They were great. They have 1.5 billion people.

A lot of beating to do. I said, do me a favor. 20 billion. Purchase from our farmers. Would you make it 50? No, no, no.

They agreed to do it. I don't think you will be able to make it. You better be able to make it. I don't want the farmers coming to me, sir, I'm sorry.

We can't produce that much. I said our farmers will find a way. They will buy larger tractors and some extra land. Buy a bigger tractor or something. It is true. I've had people say, they can produce that much.

Forget it. They will. Look at them. You are a farmer. Figure that one out. Mike bloomberg said you will never figure it out.

Long before him, you will figure it out. I know the farmers. I'm not worried about it. $50 billion. You have washington Democrat selling out the American people.

Immigration, right? Every day, Democrat open-door policies are harming and killing innocent lives. In this region alone last year, ice officers arrested over 2000 -- our ice officers, these guys are tough. Over 2000 criminal aliens, ms 13 gangs, thousands, they bring them back the way they came from. Now their countries take them back.

They were taking the back. They take them back. Charged or convicted of dangerous offenses including robbery, rape, and murder.

We bring them back and in some cases we don't want to bring them back. I don't want to House them for the next 50 years. We don't want to take chances either.

We will bring them back to guatemala, honduras, el salvador , mexico. We bring them back. They didn't used to take them.

They would say, we don't want them back. Ok, we will give them ourselves. We don't do that anymore. In denver, an illegal alien was recently charged with brutally stabbing a judge multiple times.

Attempting to murder him and his -- in his own home. The alien had been arrested 36 times over the past 20 years. Other than that, he was a fine fellow.

For crimes including assault and child abuse, yet somehow they kept letting him go. He was still in our country. In communities across the nation, radical -- we are watching them very closely. Left-wing politicians are imposing deadly sanctuary cities and sanctuary states. Policies that compel local law enforcement to release these illegal aliens straight into your beautiful communities.

Last year, colorado Democrat enacted a law declaring this entire state to be a sanctuary for dangerous criminal aliens. As a result, of state and local century policies, officials emboldened a previously deported child molester into the community. In denver, officials released a criminal alien arrested on valerie -- felony drug charges.

Now he is a very dangerous man. We just caught him protected murder. Right here in colorado springs, el paso county, officials defied the request of federal law enforcement and released a criminal alien arrested for robbery, assault, and kidnapping. They released him straight into your community. These are the Democrat. These are your Democrat.

Democrat think that colorado should be a haven for murderous predators, kidnappers can, and felons. They come in illegally. Republican believe that colorado should be a sanctuary for law-abiding americans, not criminal aliens.

If you want to shut down sanctuary cities, stop sanctuary states, if you want to protect your family and your loved ones, you must vote for corrie. But for trump. Vote for the Republican party. We're getting it done.

Thank you very much. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we've reduced illegal border crossings for eight straight months in a row. Illegal crossings are down 75% since last spring.

We have ended the horrible practice of catch and release. You know what you do? You catch them. Where do you live? They don't have an address. Give us your address.

Many are criminals. Many are very dangerous criminals. So they are saying, we are building wall.

122 miles as of yesterday. It's a serious wall. Did you hear? Two weeks ago, a small section, twice the size of this stage, we were putting it up and they were pouring the concrete. It's mexico. It's very rough territory.

It's partially desert. We were in a rough area. Very windy.

We had a tremendous and and windstorm. So we hadn't put it in. We put it in. It was just getting set. We got hit with a tornado of wind. It blew it down.

The fake news said, travis wall -- trump's wall fell down. At least we have a voice where we can explain it. We lifted it up.

We held it up. When the storm went by, we had it set. It set beautifully the following day.

That sucker will be up for many years. Can you imagine? What happened in a certain area?

We are doing a great job in new mexico. New mexico is going to be a great state for the Republican party. And arizona. What we're doing on the border in arizona, they want us to do it badly.

Can you imagine that? I think falls over because the concrete was just poured. It falls over. They make it sound like the wall fell down. These are very dishonest people.

You know that. Border patrol has seized the largest amount of deadly narcotics over the last year ever recorded. It's horrible what's happening. The largest amount ever recorded. We've deported record numbers of gang members, especially the ms 13 gang members. There are others that are just as bad.

We've done more to secure the border than any administration in the history of our country. The border is going to be very soon. We will have some time next year, over 500 miles of beautiful, powerful wall built.

Washington Democrat have never been more extreme. Taking cues from crazy bernie sanders. 132 congressional Democrat have signed up for bernie's health care takeover that would strip 180 million americans of their great private coverage that you want. While the socialist Democrat are trying to destroy American health care and trying to destroy your social security.

That will happen with me. My administration is is -- protecting your social security, your medicare, and is fighting to give you great, great health care. We are defending your right to keep the doctor and to keep the plan of your choice.

President obama, 28 times he said, keep your doctor, keep your plan. Keep your doctor, keep your plan. Right? It was a lie. We should impeach him. We should impeach him.

Impeach obama. Get him out of office. No, nobody thought of that.

We caught him in a lie 28 times at least. Nobody said, let's impeach him. Only these maniacs, crazy nancy pelosi.

Crying chuck schumer. What about little pencil mac? Pres. Trump: got the world's smallest that -- snack.

He lied about my statement. He delivered it before Congress. He made up a statement. It was totally fictional.

They tell me, you are getting ready to sue him. No, he's protected because he made the statement in the halls of Congress. That should be worse.

That should be worse. Little wiseguy. We are making health care better, much cheaper while premiums more than double in the five years before I took office. We are offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive.

They are better. There are better. We are protecting people with pre-existing conditions and we always will. We are fighting to stop the prize medical building.

I imposed price transparency. That will be bigger than health care in a certain way. Watch the prices come down. When providers are required to show their prices, those same prices fall very fast. We have approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs which are just as good as the namebrand drugs but at a tiny fraction of the cost. We have totally transformed veterans health care including getting the long-sought v.a.

Choice and v.a. Accountability. Now if our veterans have to wait on line, they go out to a local doctor. We pay the bill and they are all set. They don't have to wait for six weeks.

Right? He's agreeing, right? You don't see those stories. Used to see all these horrible that stories. -- vet stories on television. Veterans choice is amazing.

Here's a man right here. You are saying, yes. Right? Purple heart. Thank you.

That's great. It's a lot different under trump, isn't it? A lot different. You go out to a private doctor. We also got accountability.

They been trying to get these things done for 46 years. I'm good at getting things approved. But we also got accountability where we can fire people that aren't taking care of our vets. If somebody is doing a bad job, you couldn't fire them. Now you say, get the hell out of. You're fired.

We passed another thing. For 44 years, they been trying to get it passed. The right to try. We can use our medicines that are in trial if somebody is terminally ill or very sick. We are having tremendous results. Right to try.

I hope that nobody in this room needs it. I hope you don't need it. If you do, we have the best in the world. We are seeing amazing results. We are combating the opioid epidemic, drug overdose deaths have declined for the first time in nearly 31 years.

And we are pursuing new advances in neonatal research to care for America's youngest patients and breaking all records in so doing. All of the radical Democrat in the presidential debates have declared their unlimited support for extreme late-term abortion, ripping babies right from the mother's womb, right up until the very moment of birth. You know that. That is why at my state of the union, I asked Congress to prohibit late-term abortion for babies. Because Republican believe that every child is a sacred gift from God.

The Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total obliteration of your second amendment. That's what it is. The Republican party is the party of the American worker, the American family, the American dream, and the late great abraham lincoln.

People forget that. People forget honest a. He's the most presidential guy, right?

I've always said, I could be more presidential than anybody but I can't beat honest abe when he wears a hat. The hat is too much. It is so easy to be presidential. It is so much easier than doing what I have to do. You know what I have?

About three people in the front row. What about sleepy joe? What about his performance? It's great to be with the great people of ohio. Joe, joe.

You are in iowa. He did it five times. So far, I've never done it.

If I do it, that's a bad sign. He does it all the time. He was in new hampshire and he said he was in vermont.

Great to be in vermont. Joe, you are in new hampshire. Joe, what the hell is wrong with you? Sleepy joe. He's sleepy joe.

He was sleepy a long time ago. Now he's really sleepy. It's easy to be presidential. You know that. The easiest thing you can do.

Never open your jacket. Never. But not.

-- button up. Right? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.

It's so great to be with the people of colorado. Thank you, everybody. Good night. It's so easy. It is so easy.

Honestly. I did very well with the state of the union, right? They said it was one of the best. Smart. Smart.

Smart. Smart guy. We do good.

We are representing you. I better do good. If I didn't do good, you would that me so fast. I don't think you would, actually. Cnn went up to a woman. What does it take for you to leave the president?

I'm not leaving him. The one woman, beautiful. Incredible women.

They had their bandanas and hats. Stupid cnn go up, what does it take for you? Look at me he said one time that is people are so good, they would stay with him if he shot somebody in the middle of fifth avenue. You remember?

Would you said -- stay if he shot somebody? This is actually an answer. Would you stay if he shot somebody in the middle of fifth avenue?

The woman looks, it depends why he shot him. Makes sense. Depends why he shot him.

They said, we are not leaving him. We never leave him. We are in this thing together, folks. We have the swap. We have the dirty rotten swamp.

We have crooked politicians. A lot of bad people. We are getting them out one by one. We better be.

Right? Little adam schiff. What a crooked politician. He's a corrupt politician. Talking about guys.

He will live. The next a, he will get caught. He will walk up to the mic and say exactly the same thing. He has no shame.

No shame. He's a liar. He's a sick person. Republican are fighting for the citizens from every background, every community, and every walk of life.

You know that. We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, and enthusiasm. We are asking all americans to join our incredible movement.

We are the big tent. We are the big party. We have the big ideas for the future. Republican are fighting for school choice, big deal.

It's a big deal. No parent should ever be forced to send their child to a failing government school. To uphold the new rule of law. We have confirmed 217 brand-new, beautiful federal judges who will interpret the constitution as written.

That's a record. It includes 192 judges who are appointed for a lifetime. Think of it. If they are 40 years old, 45 years old, they could be there for 50 years. As you know, that's a record.

By a lot. I have the record. There's one record that probably nobody will get.

The percentage record. Who has the percentage? Do you know?

George washington, 100%. It was only 16 people. We are 217.

It's a record. We are going up. The Democrat are thrilled about that one. As you know, I have nominated and we have confirmed great new supreme court justices.

Colorado zone -- colorado's own. That's right. Neil gorsuch. Brett kavanaugh. Near gorsuch. That's right.

He's a great guy. Great guy. Colorado, that's a big thing. That's another great check you have down. Neil gorsuch.

I recognized israel's true capital and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. They said we wouldn't do it. We recognized israeli sovereignty over the golan heights. Our investments in the United States military include more than $300 million this year.

Has anybody heard of a place called fort carson? Another place. Peterson air force base. You know that. Another place.

The air force academy. You know that. And shreve are. Air force base.

Was that right? That's a tricky one. Took me a little while.

Thank you. That's very nice. He was having trouble with that one. That's tricky.

You don't like to mispronounce words. You come to a great place like this. Instead of calling it for carson, you call it for creston. They say, this guy doesn't know anything about us. A lot of money going into fort carson.

For years, you watched as your politicians apologize for America. You saw that. We don't apologize. Now you have a President Who is standing up for America. We're standing up for the great people of colorado. At stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation.

If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of americans have fought and died for, they wanted to sugar these great rates that we all have. We must avoid everything we have towards victory in november of 2020. Only this way can we say -- save the America we love and drain the washington spot -- swamp once and for all. We will get it finished.

That people are all over the place. With your help, we will lift our citizens from welfare to work and poverty to prosperity. Right? Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, and lawful system of immigration. We will continue to enact great new trade deals.

I am going to india next week and we are talking trade. They have been hitting us hard for many years, but I really like prime minister modi. We have got to talk a little business. They give us one of the tariffs -- they give us tariffs, one of the highest in the world.

But anywhere from 6-10,000,000 people are going to be showing up at the largest stadium in the world, which is brand-new and beautiful. The only problem with doing that, modi said, we will have 10 million people. We have thousands of people who cannot get in. Going to look like peanuts from now on. How can we be satisfied if we fill of a 60,000 steet stadium?

I will be getting spoiled. He said, build a bigger stadium. That's a good one.

Will result in our products stamped with that beautiful phrase, made in the usa. We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood care and ending the aids epidemic in America. , but we will have it done in nine years. Think of that.

We will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant our flag on mars. And you have a lot of that action happening right here. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one beautiful America.

We support, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States. We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life.

We believe that faith and family , not government bureaucracy, are the true American way. We believe children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. And we lived by the words of our national motto. In God we trust.

From pueblo to fort collins, from denver to durango. From black forest to broomfield, from cantor rock to right here in colorado springs. We stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriot who poured out there hurt, sweat, and soul to secure our liberty and defend our freedom. Colorado was founded by prospectors, cowboys, and rangers who explored the wilderness, scaled the rockies, and helped make this the greatest nation to ever exist on the face of the earth. We are making it greater every single day, greater than ever before.

Proud citizens like you helped build this country, and together, we are taking back our country. We are returning power to the American people with your help, devotion, and drive. We are going to keep on working, fighting, and winning about winning, winning. We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before, and ladies and gentlemen colorado, the best is yet to come.

Together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again.

We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. Thank you, people of colorado.