ID: CSPANDT1510202081
Title: President Trump Rally in Greenville, North Carolina
Date: 2020-10-15

thank you very much . Thank you, let's see . It's 1:30. This is a hell of a crowd for 1:30 in the afternoon .

It's fantastic to be back in north carolina with thousands of loyal , hard-working American patriots . 19 days from now, think of that area 19 days . We're going to win the state of north carolina . We're going to win 4 more years in the white House . This election is a simple choice. If biden wins, China wins.

You see what's going on . And when we win , north carolina wins and America wins . It's very simple .

For the last 47 years, joe biden's been putting the workers of north carolina through one active economic drudgery after another and you see what's happening, they got caught kneeling . Biden's wealthy donors and globalists and special interests who got rich are bleeding America dry, taking your jobs from north carolina and every other place and moving them out of the country and we turn it around . You've got to remember that .

These corrupt forces , they don't see our nation as a protector of its citizens as a vehicle for personal profit and power at your expense and you see it happening right now. They hold everyone in contempt and they always put the American worker last and that's what's happened until I came along . In fact, it's the primary came up reason I came along if you think about it . They keep their jobs while outsourcing your jobs to other countries .

Countries you've never even heard about . They build walls for themselves while forcing your family to suffer the consequences of illegal immigration , drugs and crime and you know it very well over here . For five decades, joe biden ship away your jobs, shut down your factories , through open your borders and ravaged our cities while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars and you know they're all coming back, they're almost back . Our great soldiers .

Our great soldiers. Countries you never even heard about . He's the embodiment of the political class that enriches wealth while draining the economic life and soul out of our country. Yesterday we learned from newly released emails that I want to thank the new york post for showing real reporting that joe biden has been blatantly lying about his involvement in his son's corrupt business dealings . Joe biden is a corrupt politician and he has been corrupt for many years and everybody in washington new it . And just now a little while ago a new story shows up that hunter made a deal with a wealthy chinese business magnate for $10 million a year for introduction only, introductions , I don't know.

Will you take 10 million a year ? Yes, introduced at . Dad, say hello and by the way dad, give them everything they want . Give them everything they want , dad. Hunter referred to eleanor another more lasting and lucrative arrangement with the same chinese businessman would be so much more interesting to me and my family, that's what area at a quote .

These deals were made at the same time joe biden was letting China's steel your jobs and take away your factories read if biden is elected , the United States will be owned by China . But we don't have to worry about it because I can't believe it . I can't believe it's going to happen . These shot, just so we understand . A leader that's just about half shot .

Can we believe there even fighting against this guy and mark what you know what, they're a powerful party, they're a corrupt party . They are in bed with the media, the fake news right back there . [booing] and totally protected by the tech .

If I said what they said they'd be calling me out of here in 24 hours but this guy two days ago said I'm running for the United States Senate . That's the third time he said it . Look, that's not like a regular thing you can say. [overlapping conversation] you know what, I'm running against the worst candidate in the history of presidential politics and if I lose , it puts more pressure . I wish it was good .

I wish he was good, I'd have less pressure. How do you lose to a guy like that ?and by the way, we're leaving in north carolina , pulls just came in . [cheering] I think we're leaving everywhere where people are intelligent, actually .

And actually we just got a report. Thought lines are through the roof on areas would more typically vote for us, trying to be diplomatic when I say that . Thank you. But this election is a matter of national security, it really is . We can't let this happen .

It's a matter of national security . Biden's got rich while America got robbed . Now big tech , you see what's going on with big tech comments censoring this these stories. He's in a big jam area his son left his laptop at someplace, he forgot to pick it up . The guy from the laptop, he saw it and he said this is criminal stuff area he brought it to the fbi, can you believe it ?

This could only happen to me . And the people of north carolina , this could only happen to us.can you imagine he's fixing a laptop, he says this is bad stuff, I think I'll bring it into law enforcement . Anyway, they've got a lot of them. I hear they have stuff coming out you won't even believe. You'll believe it . His family is crooked and they were caught, now they're being protected by big tech and if big tech persists in coordination with the mainstream media we must immediately strip them of their section 230 protections.

[cheering] and we all believe in freedom of the press but don't forget, big tech got something years ago that let them become big tech . They got total protection. They don't get sued, they don't get anything, they're totally protected . Take away that little feeling that og, we can't talk to them about freedom of the press etc. Were going to take away their section 230 unless they shape up . And believe it or not, even the Democrat agree.

The only problem we have when they say they're against, we know they're building a wall, it was so hard. It was so hard, getting that done. There were very few people who could have gotten done but here's what happened .

Just think back, all I had to say is we will not hold the wall, they would have given me so much money . I had to say we were building it we got it done and we have to save the safest southern border we've ever had . In 2016, north carolina voted to fire this corrupt and decrepit political establishment and you elected an outsider as President Of the United States who put America first .

Put America first. And we've done a great job and it's been amazing and our come back, nobody's ever done anything like what we did and then we got hit by the China play . Shouldn't have let it happen . And we are now coming back at a level that nobody's ever seen before, nobody thought it was possible. They said we get 42 percent unemployment, we hit 72.8 percent. I even went to north carolina and needed a good chief of staff.where's mark meadows?

Where's mark? Where's mark? Come here mark. Can you imagine I had to go to north carolina to find my chief of staff. He's great.

Great job. A great job and he followed me and I said you know what , I just tested positive, he didn't care. He was in a helicopter . From north carolina. He's great, doing a great job.

He elected me to restore the principal and the nation's first duty and it's to its own citizens so we are about our country, right . I'm President Of our country, where not President Of the world, where not presidents of the world . Usa . So I don't sound like a typical washington politician it's because I'm not a politician . [cheering] and if I don't always seem to be playing by the rules of the washington establishment , it's because I was elected to fight for you harder than any other president I've ever before .

For our country's people area and right now I'm fighting to eradicate the virus and we're doing a really good job . You see what's going on in Europe , it's opening up. These carriages back there, they say look at your . I say go take a look . We're doing a great job. We're doing a great job .

They didn't get the credits, I don't want the credit but our Vice president Worked 24 hours a day, mike pence . And we had a lot of governors, they worked with us but we had some that were really good and some that were really not so good . One day I'll write a little book and I'll tell you who the good ones were we made a lot of people look good and we had incredible statistics but we want to rebuild the economy and that's happening quickly. We have the greatest economy we've ever had , think of it . Now we closed it down, we saved 2 million lines by closing it down. We closed down and now we're building and north carolina, tell your governor open up your state.

Open up the schools . [cheering] will announce on november 4 ladies and gentlemen, we're opening up carolina and by the way pennsylvania. We've been suing a lot of states that are run by Democrat. The fact is that's where the crime is but you know, we've been suing a lot of people and we just one in michigan against what she does did was terrible. Like a prison warden.

And so michigan, we won, they have to open it up. You've got to open this one up. The kids want to be back in school. 99.9 percent . Like you heard yesterday , my beautiful barron , my beautiful barron had and he recovered so fast . I said how long did that take ?

They have the strongest indian systems, they're better than all . But we've learned about this disease , you got to open up your businesses, open up your schools, get it going . We have incredible therapeutics, incredible drugs, we have in my opinion you are because I took something regeneron, eli lilly makes an incredible drug and what we've done is incredible. It's all been over the last six months . We have the fda for approval, they would have taken years and years and they came to me and said it will take approximately two years. I said I needed approved tomorrow and they said that's not good .

We got it. We got it. But this is the most important election in the history of our country area joe biden made a corrupt bargain in exchange for his party's nomination. He has had control of , I mean he's given control of this party , the Democrat they used to be like normal people. Now they are socialists, marxists, communists . Some people would say far left lunatics, look at the green new deal .

We will clap later, because these people are crazy. If he wins the radical left will be running the country because they're addicted power and God help us if they win. We won't have our country anymore and it will never be able to come back . They never do. If you look 20 years ago venezuela had well, well and now they don't have water, they don't have food . They don't have medicine .

They have nothing but killing all over their streets as happened in a short training of time and it's the same ideology . You see the Democrat party talks about decency and decorum while they demonize cancel, you know the word cancel, they want to cancel your culture and cute anyone who refuses to bend to their will. I don't think they like me too much . They don't like me too much. That's really an honor.

Nobody has ever, I'm at a political event. I like ronald reagan and they say you're like ronald reagan but nobody's ever heard those words . We love you. Excuse me, what politician has ever heard those words, I've never said those words and I consider that a great honor and thank you very much . But the Democrat smeared decent americans as racist, slender our nation as evil , indoctrinate our children and insight anti-American rights on the .

We can control in 25 minutes as we did in minneapolis . As we do wherever we go but they have to invite us in by law they have to invite us in . We want to go to portland bad, that would take 15 minutes to stop . And the man that shot another innocent man , this was an innocent man shot , killed instantly . I said what happened? We haven't arrested him, two, three days went by .

Present in the us marshall and in 15 minutes it was over . 15 minutes it was over, we got him . They knew who he was, they want to arrest him and in 15 minutes that ended .

Anyway, they call themselves peaceful protesters. In theory where not supposed to be, look at all the masks . They keep saying nobody wears masks, where the masks but then they come out with things, you see these things that 85 percent of the people wearing the mask catch it . And he's a nice guy, my friend tony fauci, he's a nice guy. He said this is not a threat, not a problem, don't worry about it .

And it's a problem, he's crazy. And he said do not wear a mask under any circumstances, don't wear a mask , don't. Then they say wear a mask.

Do you ever see any conflict but he's a nice guy so I keep him around. He's a Democrat, everybody knows that . He's cuomo's friend . Cuomo did the worst job of anybody in the United States . [booing] almost 40,000 people died 11,000 at least and I gave him this big convention center . 2800 and , you use it .

I gave him a ship . I gave him the great hospital ship meant for wars. Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of incredible , you have to see this ship . I've been on it many times. They didn't use it .

Instead they set people back into nursing homes . It's a disgrace . The Democrat party is ashamed of America , the Republican party is proud of America . So you're not being set up tonight, so undoing the town hall with comcast . It's a con job, concast . I'm doing it and it's nbc, the worst.

Home of sleepy eyes jeff tom and some others and they gave lester holt, he's a beauty. They gave joe biden a week ago a town hall and it was meant for children area in fact, speaking of barron, fully recovered . Barron would do great on that show . He's a young child . I asked him questions that a child could answer, any child . A smart child, not such a smart child .

And they got taken apart . It was a joke, it was a joke so they asked me and I figured what the hell, we've got a free hour of television and we have savannah guthrie, she's always lovely, isn't she but I figure why not . What's the difference in tone between what they did to this guy that can't put two sentences together and what they do to me but with me it's life, we know were doing and we go on and do it but we're they're doing him and actually I'd like to watch them because I'd like to see if he can make it through the program and honestly , george stephanopoulos, I gave him a couple of weeks ago, it was fine . His questions were unfair area a said audience was neutral and it turned out there are only never trumpers in there and it was supposed to be neutral, it turned out they were all big Democrat, because you know what, of the news media is corrupt , okay? Is corrupt and we've shown it so many times . So I'll see you later on nbc, I look forward to it .

We're doing it from miami where were doing work very well in florida too. We just got numbers back , doing very well. And the senior citizens are liking us I think more and more every day. Every day they see what we're doing. Every single day but we're going to be doing that from florence and watched a , you want to have a little entertainment .

I just want to see the tone of the way they treated this character and the way they treat us. It's not me, it's us. So the candidate whose supporters are burning American flags and I say all the time, let's put in some kind of a major , major resolution. You burn an American flag , you spend one year in jail.

If the politicians could do this, that's where their week , the politicians and now we have a different supreme court, by the way, we're going to have number three in one term which is a record. A record . You know, presidents go an entire presidency, one term, two terms without ever having to pick their supreme court, I had three in the first term rid their heads are exploding . These people can't believe it.

You know, our friends over here can't believe what's happening, I'll tell you but how good is amy? They said he should not be able to do this and I said why, I'm in my fourth year . He should not be able to do it but then they have a quote from justice ginsburg talking about I guess it was obama , right? Wait a minute, she's elected for four years, he's not elected for three years, that didn't help their cause .

We got it done , it looks like it's going to be done soon. Have a one week period where they're getting out of committee and it's exciting . I've never seen anything like it the way they went after justice kavanaugh with false accusations and everything else. They're not playing that card here. At least so far, they are not but we will watch very closely.

She's getting rave reviews, she's a great intellect. A professor who is a great professor, many years said single greatest student he's ever had, that meant something to me. [cheering] you are doing.

He discriminates, he discriminates against, it's not like smart people on the supreme court. She's been great. Supporters are tearing down our statues, it's not going to deliver any stability. We solve every problem and these are Democrat radical left, there having these, they are doing fantastically well. They do things nobody could conceive of and they are out of control but do you know what's going to bring it together? Success.

We will bring it all together before the plague came from China, it never happened, shouldn't have let it happen. We are not forgetting, they will pay for it but before the plague came in from China, biden is not going to make them pay. He'll give them cash.

Was he going to do? It's like common sense. Look at the money they've taken out of China. He's a corrupt politician. I'm going to say it more and more and facebook and they can try to shut us down but everybody knows it, you don't have a kid who gets thrown out of the military when he becomes vice president, it keeps going into every country walking away with millions of dollars from every country with no talents, no skills, no expertise.

The press doesn't want to cover it because they are corrupt. [crowd booing] is not true there will be no and now he gets the nomination and the following day he says no there will be fracking and I said okay, he will get killed by the media and they never even asked him the question. [crowd boos] I hope you're watching pennsylvania because you will lose 1 million fracking jobs almost immediately because joe has no control over that. That is all aoc and crazy bernie and all these maniacs but we were coming together really well there was -- I was getting calls from people that normally I would not want and they would not want to me and they are saying, you know, it's amazing paired with the bus on clement numbers we've ever had we had 160 million people working, think about that, 160 million and we were never even close to it we were beating China at a level they had never been beaten before and I was charging them tariffs and they did not know what the hell to do. They were always going to overtake us in 2019.

If you go back 50, 20 years, ten years China was always going to overtake us, 2019 while in 2019 we became much, much bigger. We were away overtaking them and they weren't even close to overtaking us. It was just the opposite. [cheering and applause] we were coming together as a country because editing was good, hispanic americans, african-americans, asian americans, william women, people with diplomas and people without diplomas, people with no high school education, phd's from mit, everybody was coming together and then we had the plague but that will bring us together again because you had your best year in history of your state and had the best year last year and it's interesting because you'll have a better year coming up and this will be a better year. Watch your third quarter. Watch your third quarter.

[cheering and applause] but the radical Democrat will confiscate your guns, destroy your suburbs and I keep hearing about the suburban women. [cheering and applause] the American dream, I let you have the American dream. I wiped out the regulation that would destroy the suburbs and they do not want to have a project built next to their beautiful House. Why is it that the fake news keep saying women aren't going to electronic? Do you know what women want more than anything else?

They want safety, security and want to be able to have that houses and leave me alone. [cheering and applause] early on before I realized it wasn't politically correct, sorry folks, have not been doing this too long but I said the suburban housewives loved trump and by the way, does anyone in mind that term? Is that a broad term? [cheering and applause] the only people that minded it were the cameras. [crowd boos] look how innocent they look and they are not innocent.

They are not innocent. The enemy of the people. I call the enemy of the people but anyway so the suburban women should love trump. This is the same thing it's like a carbon copy of what happened last time, not nearly as bad but member you had nine states and I was going to lose all of them the day before and they were just wrong a little bit and I won all of them. [cheering and applause] they said this will be a horrible evening for donald trump and I wasn't President But I was donald trump.

This evening will be on the very shortly and then we went, when florida we went north carolina, by the way. [cheering and applause] and we went south carolina and we went to georgia. We ran the coast and we just ran it one after the other and they said they had this crazy chart on nbc and that is when they started crying and they weren't there. My God, what will I tell my wife after two and half years of saying he will not make it and remember he said 3% I had a 3% chance and it's a 3% and then we want utah.

Remember we were supposed to lose utah but we only won by 24 points. Very accurate. We win at utah it goes through percent, 5%, 8%, 12%, 21% and now they are saying that sucks because that number is getting bad out there. Then it started getting smaller because they made the number small for the number was getting bigger. To anyone percent, 25% and then we won a place called north carolina. [cheering and applause] it went from 25-32%.

Do remember that evening? Started off with ohio, remember? You cannot win unless you win the great state of ohio and then we won by ohio by eight points and no one said no it was about age but by the way were doing better there now that we were did four years ago.

[cheering and applause] the great jim jordan and all those guys. That was the beginning and they said not only did they win but we won by a lot and that was the little signal and then it went to 35 and 31 and 35 and now we hit the 42 so now I have a 42 chance of winning and I'm looking at all these other states I'm leading in most of them and we won 32 or 34 so it goes 34, 38 and now they are going what's going on here? Remember the guys right, john king with cnn and is go to the board and it wasn't so good but he was shady and he goes well, okay, this is not looking good and that's good and I don't know and now he's a nervous mess. Now he's going what will happen and who is there, heather? Oh hammer. Bill hammer is a good guy, right?

Bill hammer is a good guy. I agree with that. He's a good guy but it's very interesting so then we go from 42-4854, 60, 64 and then 71 and this is -- [cheering and applause] then 78 and you see all the people screaming and crying and the beautiful, most beautiful convention center they had that, remember they had that earth shaped like the United States and they had the podium out there hanging over and I looked and I said to her great first lady, first lady, that is the most beautiful looking thing I've ever seen and they spent a fortune but they knew somebody was wrong because they went to gucci and they were at the river at the convention center and they had their big display of fourth of july or whatever the hell it is, the fireworks. They paid a lot of money but now they had to pay 7 million and they owed $7 million to gucci they were all set to do it and then they decided to cancel so I then called up gucci and said it's way far away from my location but I will give you a billion dollars and I tried to buy their fireworks and I figured I'd give new yorkers and have a little fun.

But I will never forget that beautiful and it looks so beautiful at 5:00 o'clock, beautiful all looking like they would have a big evening and by 8:00 o'clock in the evening do you remember the woman who was screaming? Show the one I'm talking about? How about her? To think she is a reasonable person to deal with? She was screaming. And then it was, they talked about the glass ceiling.

The woman breaking the glass ceiling and it did not work out that way but the glass ceiling wrote her but there will be a world woman who breaks the glass ceiling but it just won't be hillary. [cheering and applause] you know who else, you know who else it won't be? Won't be kamala harris. Won't be.

It won't be kamala but we worry about her and I'm very concerned about her because as you probably just heard just before I walked out two of the people that travel with her, chief of staff and someone else in the plane with her all the time, they have been tested positive for covid-19. We extend our best wishes. Right? Yes. We extend our best wishes. We extend our best wishes for more than they did to me but that's okay.

That's okay. Let's see what happens. It is a tricky thing and it's dust, a little tricky thing.

Masks, no masks and everything you can do but you still need help from the boss. We need help from the boss. [cheering and applause] that is what happens. We need help.

It's all right to say it. They will criticize me for that. How dare he say that? How dare he say that? No, I will say it.

I will say it. I will say it. Someone said to me the other day you're the most famous person in the world by far and I said no, I'm not. No, I'm not.

They said yes and I said no and they said jesus christ is more famous. [cheering and applause] I'm not taking any chances and I'm not going to have, I'm not having any argument but jesus christ and I'm not going to take any chances. I guarantee.

Let me look up and it's not even close. To defend our constitution I proudly nominated amy coney barrett to the United States supreme court. She is so popular and a lot of people that I got elected because of the neck United States up in court and I don't know it's true but when Iran people knew who I was in all that but they did not know too much about my politics and they thought maybe I'm liberal but who knows and they did not know and they were unhappy because they did not who know who I would disappoint, appoint in the supreme court and not only does he, not only can he not pack the court which would be horrible, horrible for country for that institution but he's got to give a list of ten, 12, 1520, 25 that he will only pick from because people have to be able to see who he is going to pick. You can't let somebody go up and put a crazy, radical left justice in the supreme court. I am going a step further than that and they don't pressure much. How about if I said what he said.

He said I will not say and I'll tell them after the election. Then these guys walked away. No, he's got to say about packing the court but he's also got to say who and from what group will he pick and give the names because you have to know that. You have to know that. They say that is what one may be election and I don't know if it is true but a lot of people say because I came up and I was having a lot of, when I first went I had a lot of bites back where people were saying who will they pick as a supreme court judge but I said to my people who are some really great people I said give me the top 25 or 20 and ultimately expanded to 25 judges, lawyers and group of people and give me the top 25 judges et cetera in the United States and I wanted the smartest, the best and most brilliant and I will put them in the list and I did not know and I do not think of all them but it's the most respect people and they believe in the constitution which fight his people won't believe in.

[laughter] you will see some real beauties if they put in them. That's why they don't want to do that because you can't win an election if you had that. I said give me the top 25 and then I went out and played a little and I said I will pick somebody like these people and that did not play. They said no, I have to pick one of these people or two of these people and that's what I did and they said all right, I'll do that. And they say that was 20, 25 points in terms of the percentages of what I got in a big thing on the United States up in court.

I've done it again and I now taken my original list and we had two great people but, as you know, justice kavanaugh and justice gore search and by the way, nobody has ever suffered like justice kavanaugh, what he went through. Nobody paid but we put justice kavanaugh, just to score such and he's a fantastic, intellectual people in we now have a need to go along with it. It will be unbelievable, another week and they will be voting, the full Senate will be voting and I don't know if I could stop it because she's so good.

It's a freight train. Okay? The fact is joe biden because the next, the next President Whoever it may be in a better be us because if it is not, if it's not honestly you will not have the same country because the next president, the next term will have anywhere from one, two, three and even for pics. Very unusual.

I was very unusual at three and it's a record. But you know what, for a term but the next could have just by statistically one, two, three or four and what we're doing now and if I did not do this you would not even have a second amendment. But if they put on two, three, four that means they will override and that's been 30, 40, 50 years and judges that go in young and last for a long time which is nice and so biden has to go out and he has to not only talk about not texting the court because anybody who wants to pack the court shouldn't win and justice ginsberg said that. She said no, the nine we are friendly and we get together and we are not, she said and made the greatest case and once you get a big group of people then you are into the Senate and into the House and we've already got that. This is a great institution, may be our greatest institution and we can't let some radical group of people destroy it.

Number one he can't back the court and he's got to explain one of the 25, 30, 40, 50 people but he's got to put up a list of people from what she will choose and the voters have to know who those people are and you can't get away without that after the election and destroy our country. That's it. [applause] that's much more interesting than going off a teleprompter when you think about it but you've got to say. You got to say it like it is.

Joe biden's agenda would be a catastrophe for north carolina seniors and you know that better than anyone. For years he tried to got social security and medicare and he tried to cut the social security and great genius and he will cut your social security and medicare and now biden is pledging mass amnesty and free healthcare for illegal aliens and you saw that -- [crowd boos] you saw that three months ago when he was on stage and he said to all these very radical left candidates who wants to give the legal aliens free healthcare and they all raised their hands and biden and if you can see his right shoulder, he's a corpse. He's a corpse. He was looking around and did not know what the hell was happening but he knew everyone else's hand was out.

Remember that? He was like he knew it was wrong. He's been there for 47 years and has not done a damn thing. He's been there -- he knew it was wrong but his right shoulder started moving.

I said I just won the election. I said isn't that nice. You know, we all have a hard but what that does is brings millions of people into our country and they all want healthcare and education and they want to get all the things that they want to give any can't do it, you can't afford it. We will not let that happen because it will decimate medicare and destroy your social security and everything else. While I am President No one will touch your medicare or social security. And under my leadership we are developing the vaccines and therapies and all of those things and you vote for me, prosperity is happening already and it's happening so fast and no one can believe it.

We are the number one country in the world by far for economic comeback and we went down less than any other country think of that. In normal life is what we want. We want normal, I don't want -- we want to get back to where we were nine months ago, eight months ago. We want to have those football stadiums, those great teams of yours we want to people sitting next to you and screaming like crazy and you look at the standards we have a person in the 20 empty seats and that's not it.

We will be back very soon and next year may be the greatest economic year, one of the greatest economic years but maybe the greatest economic year, better than last year, laster was was the best and I think we will do better. [cheering and applause] to a large extent the selection is about many things but it's between a trauma recovery and abide in depression because of they get in they will raise your taxes quadruple and he says it. They will allow millions of illegal aliens and they will let regulations all of the cutting I've done on regulation which is a number that no President Has ever even come close to, whether they are four, eight or in one case more than that. They will let all those regulations come back in and the farmers know what I'm talking about and the tobacco growers know what I'm talking about because you cannot even farm your lands you had so many for joe biden would terminate a recovery, delayed the vaccine, prolong the pandemic and annihilate north carolina's economy with draconian, unscientific lockdowns pretty will keep you locked down except at a level that you never seen before and you won't have a state by the time this guy finishes up.

Biden's plant will crush America America. My plan is already crushing the virus but look at our numbers. Look at our numbers. This week oh, dammit, he must've lost his job and most of the nice guy and I'm sure he lost his job. This week even the failing new york times, I read this and I thought this guy is gone.

But I did not know him so what the heck new york times said that experts are saying quote, with genuine confidence that the pandemic in the United States will be over far sooner than anybody ever expected. How about that? New york times. [applause] that's right. The writer of that article is gone now but may he rest in peace.

They don't want to say that and they are not happy to hear that because they don't really have our interest at heart. Our early and aggressive actions saved so many lives, millions of lives and we pioneered all these incredible therapies and reduced the fatality rate 80, 85%. We understand the disease and we have things that work and I'm working to make the antibody treatment I received available to everyone that wants it and that has that problem free. It's free because it wasn't your fault. It wasn't your fault and I really hope it works as well on you but I tell you, I felt like superman in there.

Here I am, here I am. [cheering and applause] I looked at the doctor and he is here with us now, great doctors and we had so many doctors and I never saw so many doctors all geniuses, lowest iq is 187 they weren't thrilled but I looked at them and they said I don't know what the hell you gave me but I want some more of it? Now with the transfusion it's amazing so we will make that available to everybody and what will try to get it immediately approved by the fda. Doctor hahn is working with the fda and hopefully you don't need it in for the most part you won't need it. I think for the most part but you need it and we will get it to you and then you can get better and I call it a cure, regeneron they have others that are very similar, great companies.

Eli lilly, through operation warp speed we will have 100 million vaccine doses between the end of this year and the vaccines will end the pandemic but it is ending anyway. They go crazy when I say appeared it will peter out and it will end but we will help the end we will make it a lot faster with the vaccine and with the therapeutics and frankly with the cures. We are doing today by some incredible warriors and friends of ours, Congressman David rouser. Where is he?

Here's a warrior. Are you doing good? Any competition in the race? In the competition or not much? I love when they say not much. But if they have I'm always here to help.

We have a candidate for north carolina superintendent of public instruction, catherine truitt. Catherine. Great, thank you. Great job. [cheering and applause] chairwoman of the Republican national committee, rhonda mcdaniel.

Who just recovered herself by the way and for anybody that sitting there all jumping and she just recovered so let's get the hell out of there. But where is ronna mcdaniel? She's great. She did a great job and she ran michigan for us four years ago and she did so well in many, many decades since the Republican won michigan we won michigan and I said I want that person, rnc, I want that person running the rnc but she's great. Ronna, thank you. She fully recovered from covid and a lot of people are recovering but people are recovering, 99%, 99 plus plus and now with what you can do, I say get there early and get to the hospital early.

Get there early. They can do things but lots of things. Get there early. North carolina gop chairman, friend of ours, great gentlemen michael whatley, thank you, michael.

Great job. [cheering and applause] how are we doing? Looking like a good win.

Are the numbers that big standing on line getting ready to vote? Bigger than you anticipated? Thank you, no, it was broadcasted today the numbers are crazy.

You know what we will have? We will have a red wave. [cheering and applause] we don't want to send in the ballots and have the ballots thrown away into a dumpster. Who are you four, trump? This is the craziest thing.

Our people want to go and vote and it will be a big beautiful, red wave and let them put in their and we will check every one of them. We are watching very closely where they came from and where they went and how did they get there and all the stuff going on and not a day goes by when you don't read about what crooked things are happening but the red wave will crush it and those are people that will get there on november 3 and the open voting when you can vote but they will get there and people are talking about it already and as you are seeing that, aren't you? That's great. That's great. It will be a lot of fun because there was a landslide but it wasn't just -- we will see. We are doing great and pennsylvania and we are doing great in michigan doing great in arizona and I heard some very good numbers just now in nevada and we are doing good, we are doing good all over the place and I don't want to say it to God because they've got all this money and they will spend money like crazy but ultimately money doesn't get you there because I spent 25% of what crooked hillary spent.

I spent 25% and even after I won this they said he did not do as good of a job and hundreds but I got to said you got to spend less money and I criticize everyone and my father taught me a long time ago if you can win for less money, that's a good thing not a bad thing. Wright, michael? Under my administration we built the greatest economy and history of the world and now we are doing it again. And my first three years family income increased by $6000, more than five times the gains in all eight years under the last administration. Think of that.

[cheering and applause] we did more than eight times. African-American income grew to nine times more than it did under biden and obama. Nine times. African-American on employment hispanic American unemployment, asian-American unemployment all reached in history record highs.

We are getting them all back. They are all coming back. [cheering and applause] we lifted 6.6 millions americans out of poverty and since the China virus we created a record 11.4 million American jobs and we have never produced jobs at that level in that speech. We've already cut the unappointed rate in half and think of it, 7.879 that is sounds terrible but it sounds but a good when they are telling you about the 42%, right?

I think it 42 what would you do and we have this crazy situation that happened and 7.8% is pretty incredible when you think about it and we will get that way down and it's going down fast. Under biden, well, under biden it took 30 months to recover and more than half of the jobs lost in their crisis. It wasn't a crisis but it was in a crisis.

We did it in five months so they had 30 months and they had the weakest recovery in the history of our country dating back to when they started 1929 and it was the weakest recovery in the history of our country and then he wants to tell us how to do things. 447 years he did nothing and I love these guys, for 47 years he did nothing and now all of a sudden he wants to do all these things that I did already. [laughter] I could do better. You should not have let China in. For two months he said I was xenophobic because I closed the borders early, didn't I?

Jobs been recovering 23 times faster than the obama biden, 23 times, not 23%, 23 times. [cheering and applause] these numbers come from the great larry kudlow, good man by the way. We spent the last four years reversing the damage joe biden inflicted over us for 47 years. Think of it.

Biden and is waged a decade-long assault on your state against your state's tobacco growers and he was a cheerleader for nafta which was a disaster and ppp which would have been a disaster had I not terminated it would've destroyed your state and would have destroyed manufacturing in our country and was totally in favor of China's entry into the world trade organization and that is when they took off like a rocket but not so good anymore anymore. For half a century biden twisted his way into the heart of north carolina workers and should not be asking for your votes but should be begging for your forgiveness for that's what he should be doing. What job he did and you go back four, five years and you people were hurting and I have plenty of friends in the state and you were hurting and for decades politicians spent chileans of dollars rebuilding foreign nations and fighting foreign wars in defending foreign borders and countries you never heard of but now we are finally protecting our nation and rebuilding our cities and we are bringing our jobs, our factories and our troops back home to the usa. I made the statement yesterday and made sense to me that if obama and biden did a good job I would never have a run. Let me think. I only ran because they did a horrible job.

There was no unity. You had ferguson and look what happened in st. Louis and look at what happened in baltimore and with oakland and look at what happened, there was hatred all over the place and now they say it wasn't that beautiful and what they did was they did a terrible job. That is why I am your President Because if they did a good job I would not have run, at a very nice life. Believe me. At a very nice -- by the way, how many of these rallies, stand up please?

What number is this? Don't be embarrassed. Sixty? Sixty.

[cheering and applause] they have a group of 12 women and I see them a lot. I said north carolina and they remind me that no matter where we go call so 60, that's only 20% so you have a long way to go. [laughter] I'm sure their husbands are thrilled. Where are you going? I'm going to or at least hear you are close and you know -- you don't mind.

We like him. We like him. Great women.

Thank you very much but it's really nice. It's really nice. To save our auto industry I withdrew from the last administrations transpacific partnership and I ended the nafta nightmare and signed the brand-new usmca which is just now kicking in and turned out to be incredible for our farmers and manufacturers and everyone is that it cannot be done and there is no way you could end nafta but I ended it and is one of the worst trade deals ever made. I took the toughest of her action to confront China's theft of American jobs and we achieved energy independence and we've done it while protecting our pristine environment. We have the best environmental numbers we've ever had meaning I guess over 50 years because before that you did not have too much action. But we have the best environmental numbers and sold many other numbers.

In the meantime China, Russia, india and all these countries that are spewing stuff into the air. I tell my people I love clean-air. But Russia and China and you look at a map and they've all got the spots in india and many others are spewing it in.

What you think suggest? We don't thank you should tell straws. Okay great. That will help.

Ever hear that? Distraught. I say okay the straw is good and what about the plastic plates? What about the glass out of plastic?

Will get to that later. These people are crazy. I recently signed an order placing a moratorium on offshore drilling off the coast of florida, georgia, south carolina and north carolina so you don't have to worry about oil spills in your beautiful land.

You don't have to worry, look how happy she is. She honestly lives near the water. You don't have to worry about those spills. At the same time I have made it so great for energy. We never had energy like we do. Number one in the world by far.

Totally energy independent. In 2017 I probably signed an historic executive order making an official that government policy to buy American and higher americans. [cheering and applause] I saw died and the other day standing here like this. He has a sign higher America and I said that for 15 years. It's amazing. With the tennessee authority replace part of its American workforce with foreign workers I told the board chairman, chairman, you are fired.

You're fired. You know what he was making? This is nothing to do with me. He was making a billion dollars a year and is the highest-paid government official, semi government is like a private, semi private $8 million a year and I said you are fired. But what happened is as soon as I said that they hired all the employees back from tennessee and five other states or so.

[cheering and applause] they are all back and they were great. They were great. We do our little things, right? We did that and it was great. My opponent's immigration plan is the most extreme in the history of our country. Biden's plan would illuminate u.s.

Borders by implanting nationwide catch and release. That is catch a murderer comes over and you cut him and what do you do? Not much. Most of them don't say they're guilty pretty catch them and you take the name and release them into our country. There was a big deal and it sounds easy but I ended it and you want to see tough goat courts but I ended it and I ended catch and release.

One of the worst things and now we've release them. We release them back into their country and we don't release them into our country anymore. We say congratulations. We've got them. Look at those people standing up out there.

Sorry we did not get you seats. [cheering and applause] they are strong. They are strong people. They are from north carolina.

Making every community into a sanctuary city this is their goal in suspending all removals of any illegal aliens no matter how bad they are, murderers, rapists and they deal with bernie sanders, crazy bernie. Life's greatest loser of all time. He lost the first time and to get and then lost the second time to elizabeth warren should have dropped out and I'd be running against him and I would be okay. I don't care.

There would be more energy, smaller base, but it happened twice to bernie. I would really be watching it very carefully because it would be the total nullification of u.s. Borders.

They don't want borders. They want to have this country and what would happen would be our country would be overwhelmed with illegal immigration coming in. Jobs, crime would go through the roof and now as I said we've got the strongest southern border and history of our country over 400 miles of war -- wall. The wall will be completed very soon and ms 13 and criminal cartels would have rampaged freely all over the country if it wasn't for ice and border patrol so we've gotten rid of thousands of ms 13 and why we delivered them back out of our country and congratulations and here they are.

Were not taking them. These are advanced bad people. If biden wins your borders are gone which means your healthcare is gone and the middle class is gone and your safety is gone.

It is very simple. Biden has pledged with bernie sanders and they made this agreement and you know what it is? They all agreed to a thing called the manifesto. My idea. The manifesto and he has pledged to eliminate our requirement that newcomers to our society be financially self-reliant. We want them to be able to make a pledge that they will not take from us and he will provide unlimited welfare and wants to and for anyone there in the world that comes into our country I said that's a great idea and where will we get the money, sleepy joe?

Under my leadership we achieve the secure border in u.s. History and we are finishing the wall. We are up to 407, 406, 407 or doing 10 miles week. We invested that $2.5 trillion in the u.s. Military.

[cheering and applause] defense spending in north carolina has soared to more than $1 billion a year many times what it was. [cheering and applause] by the way, all men in the usa we have the greatest machinery ever made by any nation in history. Russia, China, every one of them are all jealous. What we have is not even to be talked about.

I mentioned this in a rally about two months ago and they said he's giving away information but no, I'm not. I'm telling you. We've got stuff they dream about. We are all made in the usa.

$2.5 trillion and hope to God we've done our nuclear and were number one in the world by far and it was going down the tubes. Hope to God we never have to use it but remember when I came and they said with this personality will be in a war in the first week. Where is the war? Remember? You would've been in a war without me because North Korea we were can have a price nuclear war and now I get along great with him and everyone says it's terrible but getting along is a good thing.

Not a bad thing. You get along through strength, not to weakness and you never got along through weakness. [cheering and applause] we launched the first new branch of the United States armed forces and I never -- when I came to north carolina I never said this so we did more than I promise but I'm the only politician, if you call me dad, only politician that actually did more than I promise because and never talked about the Space Force. I never talked about it. Right?

[cheering and applause] as I sat for a year and I watched I said what's going on with Russia and China and others I said wait a minute, we will fall way behind and we can't do that. We launched the Space Force and jim inhofe and some in the Senate were fantastic at the House and we got it passed so we have for the first time in the 75 years, think of that, a new force and it's a big force an important one. We passed be a choice for veterans and va accountability and nobody saw that could happen but 42 years. We took over 100% of the ISIS caliphate. When I came in it was a mess. We took over 100% and we killed the leader of ISIS and founder of ISIS, bag daddy.

We took out the number one tariff and the mass murderer of many American troops and many other troops and many other people, qasim sula mining is dead and we withdrew from the left ministrations disastrous hundred 50 billion plus 1.8 billion in cash. Can you believe that? Five plane loads of clash.

Figure that one. The Iran nuclear deal, the disaster. The first call I get after we went will be from Iran. Can we make a deal? The country is going to hell with the sanctions and all of the things we've done.

They want to make a deal. I said wait to after the election because if you wait it will be much tougher but I said wait till after the election because you can't make a deal now. If sleepy joe gets in you make the greatest deal ever made. China will own a spirit remember what I said? I kept my promise, recognize the true capital of israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem.

Got it built. [cheering and applause] we got it built, mr. Congressman. We got it built. They wanted to billion dollars to build it and I said we could do it cheaper and I said to my people I said you know the story, find something and maybe we own land and we did and had a building on it so we were going to spend $2 billion and I said well, let's renovate the existing building and they said it's too big actually and how is the location, much better than the one we were going to buy in Jerusalem and I said come back with a price.

David freedman one of the most successful lawyers now the ambassador to israel and calls me up two days later and says I think we can do it for $350,000. I said david, from 2 billion and I said what is the difference between the 2 billion version and the 350,000 and he said sir, honestly the 350 will have better location, better building and it's actually better. Who would believe stories like that?

I actually told him I did something I don't think congressman I've ever done in my life and I said it's too cheap and doesn't sound good. Make it more expensive, please. So we made it 500,000, not bad, right?

We omitted up a few month later so not only did we name Jerusalem became the capital of israel but we got to build and this thing would've taken ten years, 20 years but of course I've billion dollars would've been ridiculous. I also recognize the israeli sovereignty over the golan heights and they've been fighting over that for 52 years. [cheering and applause] instead of endless wars we are forcing peace in the Middle East and I did more in 47 months then sleepy joe biden did in 47 years.

It's true. [cheering and applause] and now he is pushing the most far left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee in the biden plan would destroy your social security and he would destroy all pre-existing conditions and you know it and so does he. Biden's running mate sponsored a bill to outlaw private health insurance. We have 180 million people that love their private healthcare. Biden vowed to terminate our travel ban on jihadist regions and surge refugee admissions, he has agreed to do this with crazy bernie, by seven 100% grade think of that. Does that sound reasonable?

Opening the floodgates to radical islamic terrorism but I said no thank you. He wants to ban school choice and charter schools and in a second term and I've already started we will provide school choice to every parent in America. One of the most important.

[cheering and applause] a vote for Republican is a vote for safe communities, great jobs and limitless futures. A limitless future for all americans. Just in concluding, first of all, great to be with you on this gorgeous day. This is beautiful.

[cheering and applause] it's been a great state. I mean, my granddaughter, you know what happened, right? You know the name of my granddaughter? Carolina. Carolina.

Am I allowed to say that to south carolina because I love them to? Is that okay? [cheering and applause] now it's carolina.

It's beautiful. Over the next four years we will make America into the manufacturing and superpower of the world and we will end our reliance on China and we've already started and well on our way. We will hire more police, increase penalties for assault on law enforcement and we will and deadly sanctuary cities? [cheering and applause] we will uphold religious liberties, free speech and the right to keep and bear arms two. [cheering and applause] we will strike down terrorists who threaten our citizens we will keep America out of endless, ridiculous, foolish, stupid, foreign wars.

[cheering and applause] we will maintain America's unrivaled military might and we will ensure peace through strength and that is what we have. We will and surprise medical billing, require price transparency already signed hits in january 1. Don't give biden the credit for it, please. He won't even know what it is pretty he was a what did I do? Further reduce the cost of prescription drugs at levels that you've never seen before. We will strongly protect medicare and social security and we will always protect nations with pre-existing conditions.

America will land the first woman on the moon in the United States and will be the first nation to land an astronaut on mars. It will be soon. Nassau is now number one space center in the world by far and did was virtually abandoned when I took over.

We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students and restore patriotic education to our schools. [cheering and applause] we will teach our children to love our country, honor our history and always respect our great American plan -- flag. [cheering and applause] we will live by the timeless words of our national motto, in God we trust. That won't be changed. They took the word God out of the pledge of allegiance and they got absolutely decimated so they put it back prints it they said no but then they took it out a couple other times and that is where they are going but it will not happen, not even come close. For years with a President Who apologized for americans and now you have a President Who was standing up for America and standing up for the great people of north carolina.

[cheering and applause] again, this is the most important election of our lives. Maybe in the history of our country. Get your friends, get your family, get your neighbors, get out and vote. The red wave is coming. [cheering and applause] remember early voting starts, guess when?

Today. Go down there. From wilmington to winston salem from asheville to charlotte from greensboro to right here in greenville we inherit the legacy of north carolina patriots who gave their blood, sweat and tears for this beloved nation and we love our nation. [cheering and applause] we stand on the shoulders of American heroes who crossed the oceans, blazed the trails, settled the continent, came to wilderness, dugout the panama canal, lay down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, 12 world wars, defeated fascism and communism and made America the single greatest nation in the history of the world and you haven't seen anything yet. Proud citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country.

We are returning power to you, the American people, and we are returning it fast, faster than anyone ever thought possible. [cheering and applause] with your help, your devotion and your drive we are going to keep on working and we are going to keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. [cheering and applause] we are one movement, one people, one family and one glorious nation under God and together with the incredible people of north carolina we have made America wealthy again. We have made America strong again. [cheering and applause] we have made America proud again.

We are proud. We will make America safe again quickly. [cheering and applause] and we will make America great again. Thank you everybody. Go out and vote.