ID: CSPANDT192202037
Title: President Trump Campaign Event in Phoenix, Arizona
Date: 2020-02-19

ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the President Of the United States of America, donald j. Trump. (music) (music) [proud to be an American playing] (music) [cheers and applause] trump: thank you very much, phoenix. We will be back a lot. We will win that election, thank you very much.

It is great being here in the great state of arizona with thousands of hard-working patriots who believe in God, family, and country. Thank you. Thank you. And with your help this november, we are going to defeat the radical socialist Democrat and we are going to win arizona in a landslide.

It is all over tv that the folks here tonight have helped a great world war ii veteran into the arena. I don't know if he knows it but he is the hottest celebrity in the world. I don't know what's going on here. He might even be hotter than trump right now, I have to say. He is all over television. Even fake news cnn had him on.

[crowd boos] but they say he is a legitimate hero of world war ii, ervin julian. Thank you. I asked my son don to get some hats on things and give them to ervin. An American patriot, thank you very much. Thank you, don. How did don do tonight?

Ok? He is good. Good guy.

And he loves this country. This is truly an incredible time for America. We have the best economy, the most prosperous country that we have ever had, and the most powerful military anywhere in the world by far. Do you remember the good time we had a week ago at the state of the union?

You remember that. That was my honor but I proudly declared we are in the midst of the great American comeback. Our country is stronger today than ever before. After three years of very unfair and ridiculous witchhunts and partisan Democrat, it was the radical left's pathetic attempt to nullify your balance, poison our democracy and overthrow our entire system of government.

Guess what, they failed and our numbers are higher today than they have ever been before. We are standing up to the defense of our constitution, freedom, and democracy. We are doing something that has never been done in the history of our country. This movement has never taken place, nothing like it ever, and the fake news can attest to it because if they thought I was saying the wrong thing, it would be out there immediately.

It would be all over the place. It would be all over the place, trump exaggerates, terrible what he says. There has never been a movement like this and it began very early. It began in 2016 with that wonderful, beautiful night.

You remember that, right? The beautiful night in november. We will have another beautiful night in november and this time it will be november 3, get ready. We are coming. We are having great polls, except some of the fake ones, if you were treated fairly by the fake news, we would be up 20 points higher than the polls. There would not even be a competitive election.

Unfortunately, it is probably going to be competitive but I think we will win by a lot. All they do is negative, negative phony stuff, Russia, Russia, Russia. The impeachment hoax.

We had great support from the Republican party. It was 197-0. In the Senate, it was 52.5-.5. You know who the .5 was , a halfwit. While the extreme left has been wasting America's times, we have been raising wages, enacting fair trade deals and lifting up citizens of every race, color, religion, and creed. By the way, they turned away 21,000 people outside feel very good.

, outside so feel very good. We have not had an empty seat. We have not had an empty seat , and this is a tribute to all of us because this is a movement like nobody has ever seen.

We have not had an empty seat since your great first lady came down the escalator with me at trump tower a long time ago. From our rule communities to our inner cities, we are expanding the blessings of America to all of our citizens. We added 225,000 new jobs last month alone. You saw that. You saw that last month that we are doing , they were doing predictions on one of the shows.

I think 60,000. I think 100,000. I think 84,000.

These are the ones that tell you all about how to invest. And then they came out, 225,000 and the market goes up again. 225,000, so many manufacturing jobs.

Remember this, we are paying interest. The past administration did not pay interest. They pumped money and like it was candy and we did not pump money and, we took money out. Not that I was happy about that. If we kept the old practice, which, frankly, some people can dispute, we would have been up another 10,000 points in the dow and we have set 144 records on the stock market in three years.

144 records. 144 records, record stock markets. Do you know what that means? That is your 401(k)s are up.

Guys come up to me and say, mr. President, I just want to thank you, my wife used to look like me like I was a total loser, sir. Every year we lost money. She said, what the hell is wrong with you, henry? This year, sir, I am up 92%.

She loves me again and she thinks I'm a genius. 92%, 401k. She thinks I'm a genius. She loves me again and it shows what money can do. That makes 7 million new jobs since we were elected. We were elected.

When I took over, I was all over the place and we immediately started , we have destroyed 100% of the ISIS caliphate. We have killed the founder and leader of ISIS. He is dead.

And we just took out the world's top terrorist, ending his evil reign of terror forever. The fake news does not want to tell you that. They don't want to tell you. Remember the dog conan.

When we took out al-baghdadi, conan got more publicity than President Trump. That's ok. They were looking for al-baghdadi for 16 years and we found him and took him out.

Last week, we killed another one, the head of al qaeda. Gone, dead. And America is respected again, respected like never before.

We are respected again. We are no longer the laughingstock that gets taken advantage of every country, including by our allies, who take more advantage than our enemies. They take big advantage but not so much anymore. We are winning. We are winning like never before. Washington Democrat keep on losing their minds.

They hate the fact that we are winning. We are winning big. We are winning, whining, whining. Winning, winning. That is why many registered voters early , are leaving their party to join our movement. They are joining our great Republican party in droves.

You see it all the time. I just spoke to some of your leaders. This is unbelievable what is happening. There has never been rallies like that.

Sleepy joe biden the other day had 68 people. [laughter] now they have a new member of the crew. Mini-mike. We call him no boxes. I hear he is getting pounded tonight. I hear they are pounding him.

He spent $500 million so far and I think he has 15 points , hey, fake news, how many points does he have right now? They won't tell you the truth. They won't tell you the truth. Msdnc is worse than cnn. They are owned by a company called comcast. You can have comcast, a bunch of phonies.

Msdnc is worse than cnn , and they are all pretty bad. They just came out with a poll a little while ago. Mini-mike was at 15 and crazy bernie was at 31. The dnc is going to take it away from bernie again. That's ok because we don't care who the hell it is, we are going to win.

Let me tell you these crooked politicians, they really took away three years from us because despite the fact that we have done more in three years with the tax cuts and regulation cuts in the military, we have done more than any administration in history. We have done more. Think of it. We did it with phony witchhunts.

We did it with the impeachment hoax over our head the whole time. We did it under circumstances that should never, ever happen to another President Again. With your energy and enthusiasm this november, we will take back the House.

We will hold the Senate. We are going to keep the white House. We are thrilled to be joined tonight by some of the best, greatest , I love them , leaders in America. Arizona leaders. Come on up here, governor doug ducey.

Doug,, on up , come on up here. Also, I call them warriors because they fought like hell. They worked with our future Speaker Of the House, kevin mccarthy. We have some of your great warriors.

Come up here, paul. Andy biggs, head of the freedom caucus. David, come up here. A big, big star , she became this monster star. She looked with such indignation at the other side.

Debbie lesko. You will be running someday. Your grandson , he will be running someday. Arizona Senate president.

Come up here, karen. Rusty bowers. Vice President Of the navajo nation.

Arizona Republican party state chair kelly ward. Come up. We have a lot of other leaders but we have to get back to speaking. Do me a favor, before I introduce a very special guest, I would like to ask your great governor , he won by 16 point.

It was not even a contest. He is tough to beat. Doug ducey, say a couple of words, please.

Mr. President, we are going to keep arizona red in 2020. We are going to return donald , President Donald trump and Vice president Mike pence to the white House. We are going to return , we are going to keep our Republican majority in our congressional delegation and our state chambers. Mr. President, thank you for what you have done for the cause of life.

For what you have done for our economy and reducing regulations and for what you have done for the United States supreme court. We are looking forward to working with you for four more years. These are great people. Thank you very much. Before I introduce somebody important to all of us, to me, I have to say with us tonight is an arizona hockey great, a friend of mine.

He is a great golfer. He is tough to beat. He is tough as hell. If you beat him in golf, he will try to beat you physically. He doesn't care. He could beat you one way and if he couldn't, he would just beat them up.

He is a friend of mine. Jeremy roenick. Thank you, jeremy. He is a winner. We are also joined by donald junior and kimberly.

Great people. Rnc cochairman, finance chairman , also happens to own a team called the chicago cubs. Finally, it is my great honor to introduce a tremendous person, a great fighter pilot.

She is a great fighter pilot. A warrior , she helped us so much during the impeachment hoax. Martha mcsally. Martha is tough on the border and she is working with me to strengthen our military further and lower your prescription drug prices and we are making a lot of progress. Her opponents, I have to say this, martha, a guy named mark kelly, even the Democrat don't like him much. He wants to raise your taxes, open your borders, give away free health care to illegal immigrants, and he wants to obliterate your second amendment.

The radical liberal Democrat from california, massachusetts, they are pouring money into his campaign because they know he is a rubberstamp for crying chuck and nervous nancy wacko pelosi. We are going to have a new speaker. That is why martha has my complete and total support and endorsement and we have to get out there and make sure that martha mcsally , she is a warrior.

People don't know. This one is tough as hell and that is what we need. Thank you.

Thank you, everybody. Thank you, mr. President. Welcome back to the great state of arizona.

Give it up. I just want to say I have a message for the liberal hack media in the back. Arizona is going to vote in november to keep America great.

Mr. President, I want you to know, I was right there on the floor at that amazing state of the union address you gave. It brought tears to my eyes. You were honoring our veterans and reigniting , reuniting families. I heard your call. I will introduce a bill last week to get that done, to help americans lower the cost of drugs.

Arizona is on fire thanks to the leadership of President Trump and the Republican in the Senate and the House, people are living , we are getting people off the sidelines and the economy is doing so great and we have so much more to do. There is so much at stake. My opponent said he would vote to convict and remove you from office and remove you from the 2020 ballot.

What is that all about? And then he said last week that he was , he would support bernie sanders if he is the nominee and his socialist agenda. Arizona is tired of investigations, tired of obstruction, they don't want socialism.

They love our freedom. Mark kelly is flying on bernie sanders things and I am flying on your wing, President Trump, and we will win in november. Thank you. Thank you, martha. She's right.

How about that Congressman Al green? We cannot beat them so we have to impeach and that's impeach him. We are going to have a big election victory.

I don't think the Republican party has ever been more unified than it is right now. Whatever you can do for martha, we need her. Thank you very much and thank you for everything, martha.

Appreciate it. Together, we are building the world's most prosperous economy and the most inclusive society anywhere. This is the Republican party and we are inclusive.

Right? Right here in America, in arizona, we have created 240,000 new jobs. Including over 60,000 new manufacturing and construction jobs here. Nobody thought it was possible.

You had the best year that you have ever had. Arizona, you have had the best year, the most successful year you have ever had in the history of the country. The best year you have ever had. I am going to take all the credit away from your governor, I don't care. We have a great team with doug and everybody else.

Number one year in the history of your state. A credible achievement , incredible achievement. This has to be pretty good stuff for the debate stage. In many states, the best year they have ever had.

Let's get a new president. I don't think that is going to work so easily. The country has had the best year at as ever had, let's get a new president.

Let's put in crazy bernie. The average unemployment rate from my administration, we are talking about more than three years, is the lowest for any u.s. The lowest for any u.s. President in recorded history.

The unemployment rate for african-americans, asian americans, and latino americans is the youngest , lowest in history. African-American youth unemployment has reached an all-time low in the history of our country. [applause] soon to be historic.

And veterans unemployment has dropped to a record low. We are working with our veterans, we are taking care of our veterans like nobody has ever taking care of our veterans. The unemployment rate for disabled americans has reached the lowest level in history. [applause] workers without a high school diploma, we have a lot of them, the left eye school, they said, "I should have finished." they left, they can't go back, they left.

We have achieved the lowest unemployment rate without a high school diploma ever recorded in u.s. History. Isn't that great? [applause] great numbers. Hispanic americans right now, more than 500,000 own a home. More than 500,000 more own a home.

And we have lifted 10 million people off of the welfare rolls. Think of that. 10 million people have come off of the welfare rolls.

And happily. Not that we did anything. They have jobs and they love it and they are making much more money and they love getting up and going to work. And if they don't like that job, they can get another one because people are starving to get great employees right now.

They are starving to get great employees. Since my election, the net worth of the bottom half of wage earners has increased by 47%, three times faster than the increase for the top 1%. [applause] median income , think of this , this is such a big deal , median household income reached the highest level in the history of our country. And under President Bush, in eight years, it went to $450 more. Under President Barack hussein obama , [crowd booing] in only three years, including regulation cuts and tax cuts, because the other ones raised taxes, we cut taxes by record amount, it went to $10,000 per pres. Trump: a record.

A record. That is why our consumer right now, people are booming with cash. That is one of the reasons why our economy is doing so much better. China had the worst year in the last 67 years. Asia is doing poorly. Europe is doing poorly.

The United States is doing great. We are doing the best we have ever done. [applause] the best we have ever done. To lift up forgotten communities that need investment and these are really communities that need it the most , we created opportunity zones. We work with tim scott, the great Senator From south carolina.

[applause] his idea. He came in and sold me. I said, let's give it a shot.

Nothing has worked over the years, but this has really worked. Jobs and investment are pouring into 168 newly designated opportunity zones right here in arizona alone. From apache to navajo and maricopa county.

[applause] we are supporting working families. We are doing a job with paid family leave. We are doing something nobody has ever done to this extent. Reducing the cost of childcare and giving 40 million American families an average of $2200 in their pocket thanks to the Republican child tax credit. [applause] our historic regulatory reduction campaign is restoring American liberty and cutting through job killing redtape like nobody has ever cut regulations before.

We have ended the war on American energy, lowering utility bills, reducing prices at the pump, and eliminating our reliance on hostile foreign suppliers for the first time. America is now energy independent. Such beautiful words. [cheers and applause] energy independent.

We fought wars, we did everything we could. We used to take the straits and everybody else benefited. We keep them clear so other countries could take oil from the Middle East.

Nobody paid us. Now they are starting to pay us a lot of money, folks. They took advantage of us.

But we have everything we need right now. We have made such progress in the last three years with pipelines. The keystone pipeline. Keystone xl. I approved it. The dakota access pipeline.

I approved it. 48,000 jobs. We are reversing decades of calamitous trade policies. The worst trade deals any human being has ever seen. I say, who made these deals? The worst, stupidest deals I have ever seen.

They were good for other nations if you like other nations, that is great. But we are now putting America first. It is simple. [applause] for years, washington politicians took money from lobbyists, global corporations , really, the most corrupt special interests anybody has ever seen , to ship our jobs and our factories to other countries. We lost our taxes, we lost our workers, we lost our companies, and we did nothing about it.

Now, we. Have done a lot about it because companies are pouring back in. [applause] America lost one in four manufacturing jobs following the twin disasters of nafta, the worst deal ever made , the worst trade deal ever made and one that was almost as bad and gave China an entrance into being a rocketship when they entered the world trade, world trade, wto, one of the worst deals that we participated in this. By the way, we just won $7.5 billion in a lawsuit with wto.

We were not winning anything. [applause] we were not winning anything. They said, I think this guy is going to pull out. They treated us so unfairly.

We were always in the minority position. Who the hell negotiated these deals? They look at us and they say, we are failing if you are gone. We just won $7.5 billion.

$7.5 billion! Did you know that, doug? $7.5 billion. Under this administration, the great betrayal is over, America is no longer for sale, America is no longer for sale, those days are over.

[cheering] and two generations of politicians came and went promising to replace nafta. How many times have you heard that? Probably the number one reason I ran for office.

Are we glad I ran for office? [cheering] you know, it is funny, I was watching the different , I find it fascinating , I'm watching the different returns coming in. I'm watching is much as I can of this stuff. I love it. If you don't love it, you are not going to do it very well. The crazy new york times, it was dead when I ran.

A month before Iran, doug, I held up the new york times, it is what , like what you get thrown in the face at the supermarket. It was nothing. Now it is doing very well. You know what?

Someday, we won't be here. When we are not, those papers are in big trouble. But this thing was a dead newspaper.

But I was watching and they had an article this weekend about people that spent their own money and how they are doing. They have many mike , mini mike who spent $411 million. He is probably not going to get the democratic nomination. Mini mike, $411. Then they had this idiot, stee yer.

We called him impeachment stier. How did that work out? He's another beauty.

He spent $210 million. He got one third of 1% in iowa. [laughter] I never even heard of him. I never even heard of him.

I turn on every time for years, I'm turning on, impeach him, they don't even know why, they don't have any reason. Impeach the president! The guy spent a fortune on this stuff.

It worked out pretty good. Anyway. I go and I look. So it has , question marks , I can't give you the answer, but right now they have to have question marks , then you go down and they had other people. Some are like that ross perot, it was a tough day for bush when he joined the campaign.

Because clinton didn't win. Ross perot took away 19% of the vote. [cheering] didn't clinton get 41% or 43%, so give me a break, but whatever. Ross perot spent like $100 million, which is probably double if you bring it up to today's dollars. You have a friend of mine who ran, steve forbes who ran twice, he was in for a lot.

Then you had donald trump. This is your own money. This is your own money.

I said, I spend a lot of money in my primaries, we will see how the hell we do. Once you win, the money comes in, like it comes in pretty fast. What is that all about? But so in the middle they had trump.

Then they had four or five that were behind me. A lot of money spent. Loss, loss, loss, loss, loss. In the middle, they have donald trump.

It did not say $500 million and it did not say $250 million. It said $70 million of my own money. It said donald trump won the presidency of the United States.

[cheers and applause] we won! My father would teach me, if you can spend less and when, that is spending , better than spending a lot and winning. Crooked hillary spent at least three times more than we did and lost. [booing] [crowd chanting "lock her up!"] crooked as hell.

She is crooked as hell. We have a double-sided justice that is very unfair what is going on. Very unfair, but let's see how it all works out, folks.

Let's see how it all works out. I hope you are going to be happy. I hope you are going to be happy because there are a lot of dishonest slimeballs out there. Dishonest scum. Dirty cops. A lot of dirty cops.

By the way, the fbi, those guys are incredible, but the ones at the top, they were absolute scum. [applause] what they were trying to do, if that happened to obama or a Democrat or especially a liberal Democrat, they would be in jail for 50 years and it would have taken place two years ago already. [applause] they spied on our campaign, remember that.

After they spied, we won. After we won, they tried to get us out of office. It has never happened before in the history of our country and we can't let that happen. We can never, ever excuse it. We can never let them get away with that. [cheering] never let them get away with it.

But we keep our promises and we work hard and our economy is great. Last month, we ended , look, you saw it , the nafta catastrophe. That is what it was.

We ended that catastrophe. Again, I really ran because of nafta. I said, how stupid.

All over the place. In your state, but you go to new england, empty factories, empty buildings, still you have empty buildings. We lost 60,000 factories and plants. I signed that brand-new beautiful u.s.-mexico-canada agreement into law. [cheering] the usmca is a gigantic victory for farmers and ranchers and manufacturers all across the great state of arizona. And you know, by the way, for people with the small farms, the small businesses, if you love your children, you can now leave your company's, you can leave your farms, you can leave your ranch to your children and you don't have to pay, they don't pay a death tax, they don't pay an inheritance tax.

[applause] it is a big deal. That is a big deal. So, if you love your children, it is good. If you don't love your children, it doesn't matter.

Don't leave it to them if you don't love them. Let them go out and work like hell. Does anybody in this incredible audience , this is a big building , does anybody not love their children?

Anybody? Do I have a hand? There's a hand. You've got to be kidding. [laughter] you've got to be kidding.

So then you don't care about the tax. Don't worry about it. He says, I don't care about that one.

You look like a nice guy. He is tough. You would love to be his kid, wouldn't you? [laughter] last month, we signed a groundbreaking trade agreement with China that will defend our workers, protect our intellectual property, and boost American exports. China will invest $250 billion a year into the United States and by our products and create jobs.

Nothing like that has ever happened before. After years of building up other countries, we are finally rebuilding our country. That is the way we want it. [applause] in no issue have washington Democrat more thoroughly sold out the American people than immigration.

You know it better than anybody, doug, what they have done on your border. We are stopping that border. That border is clogged.

We have started the big wall right in arizona. That is the big one. That is the big one. Top-of-the-line. Before I came into office, the far-left's policy of open borders allow deadly drugs to flow freely into our country, poisoning our children, including as you know very well right here in arizona. Washington Democrat put the needs of illegal immigrants before the well-being of American citizens.

They want to let anyone from around the world simply walk across the border and then they want to give them a lifetime of free welfare, health care, everything. They want to give them everything. [crowd booing] for a long period of time , and you know this, before I came , they were treated far better than our veterans were treated. Now, our veterans are treated great. [applause] true. Illegal immigration cost arizona taxpayers more than $2 billion every year.

$2 billion you are paying, nearly 20% of arizona's annual budget in General Funds goes toward this big problem. For the amount of money washington Democrat want to spend supporting illegal immigrants, we could rebuild our cities all throughout America, which is what we should be doing. Under my administration, we are finally taking care of our own citizens.

[applause] including millions and millions of legal immigrants, who follow our laws, pay their taxes, and are entitled to a government that protects their families every day, Democrat' open borders policies are harming and killing innocent lives. In arizona alone last year, ice officers arrested over 4500 criminal aliens charged or convicted of dangerous offenses, including robbery, rape, and murder. Right here in phoenix, an illegal alien chased a man through parking lot and shot him in cold blood, then walked over to the victim and shot him four more times right in the face as he lay dying in the street.

This savage animal had previously been deported after serving six years in prison. And he was in prison six years, he was there six years and nobody wants to talk about it. They want to protect him. Last year in tucson, another illegal alien was sentenced to 10 years for repeatedly raping a vulnerable young woman, yet left-wing politicians opposed all the tension of illegal aliens, even convicted criminals , and they support deadly sanctuary cities that release these criminal aliens directly into America's communities. [crowd booing] I will tell you what, in california, I just left california, I started off with a speech in nevada at 7:30 in the morning. I then went to california and made two speeches, I then went someplace else.

I said, am I finished? No, you've got to go to arizona and speak in front of like 45,000 people. I said, that's ok, that's ok! [cheers and applause] I said, that's ok. No, I said that's ok because I love this unbelievable energy in this crowd.

But you know what, honestly, this tremendous energy in our nation, this tremendous energy in our nation. Greatest nation in the world. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings for eight straight months in a row, which will soon be a record. [applause] illegal crossings are down 75% since last spring.

The month of january saw the fewest illegal border crossings into years. And we have ended catch and release, a horrible Democrat policy that we got terminated. [applause] border patrol, great people. They have seized the largest amount of deadly narcotics ever recorded in the history of our country this year.

We have deported record numbers of gang members, including the worst gang of all, ms 13. Thousands and thousands of people have been thrown the hell out of our country. [applause] we have done more to secure the border than any administration in history. We are building the wall, as I said, faster than ever. It will soon be almost one new mile a day.

We are looking for that. [applause] washington Democrat have never been more extreme. Taking cues from crazy bernie sanders.

How was he doing tonight? 132 congressional Democrat have signed up for bernie's health care takeover of the world. Think of this. 180 million americans are going to lose health care coverage under this plan. But if you don't mind, I'm not going to criticize it tonight. Let them keep going and I will start talking about it about two weeks out from the election, because I don't want them to change.

Please don't change. Same with degree new deal. I don't want to talk about it tonight. You know, I came up with the name pocahontas too early. Fortunately, she self-destructed anyway. Did you ever see a phony like that stood mark she is a phony.

She lost because she could not keep it straight on her own heritage. She said she is an indian. I set I have more indian blood in me then you have and I have none. [laughter] and she panicked.

She panicked and she had a test. You know the results. 1/124th. I think I win the bet? Somewhere along the line I think I win.

No, she , I did it too early. I would have saved it, but I guess it was effective. She is essentially gonzo. While the socialist Democrat are trying to destroy American health care and your social security, my administration is protecting your social security, your medicare, and is fighting to give you great health care and that is what we are getting. Right.

One of the big secrets. The Democrat won't let us say it. They want to keep that as quiet as possible. Look what they gave you, the worst health care and what we have done, we have gotten rid of things.

Everybody is happy, we are defending your right to keep your doctor and plan of your choice. We are making health care better and much cheaper. Premiums doubled in the last year before I took office. We are offering plans that are up to 60% less expensive than they were. And it is better health care. [applause] a lot of people don't know this.

People don't know this. They think that is their issue. They failed in health care.

We are protecting people with pre-existing conditions and we always will. By the way, we are trying to get rid of obama care, but we are managing it incredibly, we are trying to get rid of it so we can give you a great health care plan and protect pre-existing conditions. Remember that. [applause] we are trying to get rid of it.

But while we are having it, we are managing it really much better than they did. They built a five billion dollar website. Remember that? It was supposed to cost $5 million, it cost $5 billion.

You could get a kid out of high school, I have a son, 13 years old, he could have given them a health care website , I would have said he would have charged them $100, baron. It would have worked, he is so good. Hi, dad, how are you doing, dad? Bing bong. I said, don't play with that while you are talking to me. What's going on, dad?

These kids are incredible. They make us look like babies with that. He could have given you a great website for about two dollars. They spent $5 billion on a website that never worked. Speaking of that, how did they do with their vote count in iowa? [laughter] and I hear, I hear, I don't want to say it, I don't want to jinx them because I want them to do well, but I do, we don't have anything, nobody is running against us in so many states.

It is sort of nice. We can save the thunder. I hear that in nevada, I'm hearing bad things about their vote count. I hear a lot of bad things are happening like they don't know what the hell they are doing. [laughter] you know, I turned on the other night iowa. By the way, we set a record in the history of iowa.

We had more votes than anybody has ever had as an incumbent president. Same thing in new hampshire. [applause] that is a good sign. It is a good sign.

By a lot. By the way, by a lot. I'm hearing , I hope that this is the case , we still don't know who won in iowa. I heard coming over here, they are still working on the count. I think we did win.

Very good. That is very good. I will have to think of that one.

That is very good. Look, we are winning big. We have fake polls out there. They are fake polls. [crowd booing] I had a poll, it is just like it was in 2016. Here are these polls.

I hear women didn't like me and I did great with women. I hear everyone didn't like me, nobody likes me. Then we won. [cheering] thank you, women. Nobody likes me.

2016. I hear , remember, women didn't like him. He did great with women. He did great with this, he did great with everybody. We. Did great with everybody 306 to 223.

That is a slaughter. Remember, they said, he cannot get , there is no path. To 270.

They said there is no chance. I was at 269. I went to maine. I won maine.

I went there for five times. I wanted to. There is no path to 270.

But there was a path to 306. [cheering] that's right. They said, there is no path, the fake news media. There is no path for donald trump. Then they said the evening of the election, it is going to be a really short night for donald trump. We got rid of this guy, thank God.

Because they did the exit polls going out, right? I was even told, but a lot of people did not want to talk about it. The highest number in history of people that said very nasty language in not going to use that because they will kill me if I use it, so I won't use it.

It is a much better story if I use it. How did you vote? Usually they say, I voted for clinton or trump.

How did you vote? None of your business. I'm being nice. I will keep it that way.

Otherwise, we will ruin the whole evening. Even this tough guy in the front. How did you vote? I don't want to tell you. How did you vote?

None of your damn business. How did you vote? It was like this massive number, massive. Everybody, they just didn't count that. They said, the numbers are looking unbelievably well for crooked hillary clinton.

They are looking unbelievable. It is going to be a very short evening for donald trump every at we finally will be rid of this guy. And then the numbers started coming in. [cheering] the numbers started coming in. And it started with the great state of florida.

Donald trump has one the state of florida , won the state of florida. [cheering] and then that beautiful convention center, the most beautiful stage of ever seen, and they knew something was going on because they did not pay the final payment for the fireworks two weeks before. [laughter] even though they had no idea where my area was.

We were at a hotel in midtown, we like the location better than where she chose. Remember that beautiful stage? It was shaped like the United States of America?

Did you ever see more unhappy people? [laughter] so, they go donald trump has won the great state of florida. They go woah!

They outspent me like 521. Only negative ads, they are all negative. By the time people got into the voting booth, they only knew one thing, she hated donald trump.

They said, what the hell does she stand for? What the hell does she do? Every at was a negative at.

Negative ads against me are not so good. They can be effective. They spent like $2 billion on negative ads. Her husband said she was going to lose. Her husband is a professional.

Her husband said, you better go to michigan. Because I was there and they had a trump-penc sign one every lawn I have ever seen. And you better go to wisconsin, you better go to wisconsin.

She said, we haven't lost wisconsin in 36 years. No, you've got to go there. I'm telling you, I don't like what I see.

What do you know? He is a professional politician. She wasn't. It is one of those little problems in life. Then it came in and then we won south carolina, north carolina. Right?

And we were leading pennsylvania by so much that if I lost , remember, 2% of the vote lost , if I lost every single vote, I win by a lot. They refused, the fake news refused to call it. I kept saying, we won pennsylvania, why don't they call it? It was very late in the evening, because they are fake, they are crooked, they are fake. I said, I said , [crowd booing] I said, why don't they call pennsylvania? But some beautiful things happened.

By the way, ohio, we won by one of the largest margins ever. The great, great, great state of ohio. [applause] remember? Remember they used to say a year before the election, they said, nobody can win unless you win the great state of ohio?

We won the great state of ohio and we wanted big. We knew we were going to win it and now we were up a lot more than we were up then. Because we are bringing back jobs, we are bringing back factories, everybody is working, nobody has ever had a better year than we have been having and we are doing it right. Don't let them try to take credit because if they came in, we would have ended up in a massive recession or worse.

The d word, depression. Because they were going to put more and more and more regulations on. I tell you, may be than even the tax cuts, for the regulation cuts. We freed up our nation to go back to work. [applause] so, then we won wisconsin. And then we won michigan because those companies, now they are pouring back in, the auto companies are pouring back in, and wisconsin is doing great with the farmers.

You know, canada was charging our farmers 287% tariffs for dairy products. So what happens is this. We are working on health care, we are fighting, I just signed an executive order opposing price transparency because when providers are required to show their prices, those prices fall very fast. We have approved a record number of affordable new generic drugs which are just as good as the brand drugs, but they cost a tiny fraction. We have totally transformed veterans health care, including getting v.a.

Choice nva accountability, which they said could not be done. [applause] and we passed the spectacular right to try, so if you are in trouble, and I hope nobody in this massive arena is in trouble, but if you are in trouble, you can go and get whatever the new drug or whatever they were, you get it. The luck we are having, we are saving so many lives it is incredible what is happening.

People would go to Europe, they would go to Asia, they had no money they would go home and die. Now, they have the right to use our drugs before they are approved. Think of that.

Before they are approved. [applause] and we are very importantly combating the opioid epidemic. Drug overdose deaths, the overdose deaths have declined for the first time in 34 years and life expectancy is rising again in our nation. [applause] we have launched all new initiatives combating kidney disease and alzheimer's disease. We are making tremendous progress and we are pursuing new advances in research.

Neonatal research, think of that. The numbers are incredible. What has happened is incredible. To care for America's youngest patients and breaking all records in doing so.

All of the radical Democrat in the presidential debates have declared their unlimited support for extreme late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up until the very moment of birth. That is why, in my state of the union, I asked Congress to prohibit late-term abortion of babies because Republican believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. [cheering] the Democrat party is the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortions, socialism, blatant corruption, and the total destruction of your second amendment. [booing] the Republican party is the American worker, the American family, the American dream, the second amendment, and the late, great abraham lincoln, right? [cheering] Republican are fighting for citizens from every background, every community, and every walk of life.

We are the party of boundless optimism, excitement, energy, and enthusiasm. We have tremendous energy, tremendous energy. [applause] everybody says to me, where do you get the energy? Because I love what we are doing , I see the results, and they are happening faster than you even think.

They are happening faster than you would even think. We are asking all americans to join our incredible movement. We are the big tent, we have the big party, we are the party with big ideas for the future.

[applause] to keep our American , right? To keep our communities safe and give former prisoners a second chance at life, there has been nothing like this, I past criminal justice reform, not the Democrat , I did it with the Republican. This could not have been done by anybody but me and the Republican party. The Democrat did not do it.

They could never have done it. [applause] and this is a record. And as you know, I have nominated and we have confirmed 2 great supreme court justices, neil gorsuch and brett kavanaugh. [applause] and for years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America. You saw that. They apologized.

Now, you have a President Who is standing up for America and we are standing up for the people of arizona. [applause] at stake in our present battle is the survival of our nation. This election is so important, it is the survival of our nation. If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of americans have fought and died for to secure, then we must devote everything we have toward victory. In november of 2020.

[cheering] you are the forgotten people know more. You are no longer , right? No deplorables. No deplorables.

Who knew that was going to turn out to be such a disaster? But she used a worse word. What was the word she used?

Irredeemable's. I thought that was the problem. Deplorables.

What the hell do I know about politics? She said you are irredeemable and deplorable. I said that irredeemable is terrible. The next day people are showing up, I may deplorable. [cheering] much worse than I thought, but we are getting there. Not pleasant.

A bunch of really bad people, very dishonest people. With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. Together, we will elect a Republican Congress to create a fair, safe, sane, and lawful system of immigration. [applause] we will continue to enact trade deals that result in more products proudly stamped with those beautiful, beautiful words and phrase, I love the phrase, "made in the usa," "made in the usa." [applause] we will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, and ending the aids epidemic in America within now nine years, we started a year ago. Can you imagine that?

[applause] we are doing that and it is going to happen. Who would have thought we could have done that? We will land the first woman on the moon and become the first nation in the world to plant our flag on mars. [applause] we will defend privacy, free speech , and you know this , you know it is under siege , religious liberty. And the right to keep and bear arms.

We will defend it. [cheering] it is under siege. It is under siege. You see it in virginia. They want to take away the guns. Above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one, beautiful America.

We support, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States. [cheering] from tucson to tombstone, right? Do you agree?

This guy. No more censorship is right. No more people, no more crimes. You're right. From yuma to mesa and from flagstaff to right here in phoenix!

[cheers and applause] we stand on the shoulders of red-blooded American patriots who poured their hearts, sweat, and souls to secure our liberty and defend our freedom. Arizona was founded by pioneers and prospectors, great prospectors, cowboys and minors, and ranchers who came to the wilderness, braved the blazing sun and it is hot here , I've been here during the summer, I want to tell you, it is seriously hot. Of course, didn't they say that President Clinton, when he went at the back of the plane, it was 120 one degrees that day? I don't know about that. I don't know about that. What do you think he was doing with the attorney general?

He said, I just happened to see, I was here to play golf, it was 120 degrees out. [booing] I don't know. A lot of corporate stuff went on. I wonder what they talked about. I'm sure it wasn't that she would become a supreme court justice. I'm sure it wasn't that they were going to extend her tenure as attorney general.

She was a real beauty. I'm sure it was nothing. They spent 45 minutes on the plane talking about golf and their grandchildren, right? [booing] can't let it happen, folks! Can't let it happen and we can't let it happen.

You fought the battles and help to make this the greatest nation ever to exist on the face of the earth and we are making it greater every single day than ever before. [cheers and applause] great, great, great citizens like you help build this country and together we are taking back our country, we are returning power to you, the American people. With your help, your devotion, and with your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning.

[cheering] because you know, not very long ago, you weren't winning. And I don't want to you, I told this a few times during the campaign, haven't used it in a long time, but I don't want you going to your great governor , the great governor doug ducey , I don't want you going to your governor saying, governor, governor, we just can't stand winning so much. [laughter] please go see the President In the oval office. Governor, the people of arizona don't want to keep on winning. It is too much, governor, it is not even fair to the rest of the planet. Please tell him, governor ducey, please tell him, president, the people of arizona have won too much, we don't want to keep on winning.

I will look at doug ducey and I will say, doug, I have a lot of respect for you, you won by 16 points, that means a lot, but doug, I don't care what you say. We are going to keep on winning and we are going to win like never before and the people of arizona are going to love it! [applause] right? And he is going to say, thank you, mr. President.

Go back home. The fact is, we are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before.

And ladies and gentlemen of arizona, the best is yet to come. [ cheering]] right? That's right. Together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again.

We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again! Thank you very much. Thank you, arizona. Thank you.

[cheers and applause] (music) ["you can't always get what you want" by the rolling stones plays] (music) (music) (music) [captions copyright national cable satellite corp. 2020] [captioning performed by the national captioning institute, which is responsible for its caption content and accuracy. Visit ncicap.org] (music) (music) campaign 2020 is in nevada friday.

Live at 3:00 p.m. Eastern as President Trump speeds , speaks in las vegas ahead of the state's caucus. Watch live on c-span.org and listen live with the free c-span radio app.