ID: CSPANDT141202030
Title: President Trump Rally in Milwaukee
Date: 2020-01-14

thank you, thank you. Hello, milwaukee, hello. Thank you very much, I am thrilled to be back. In wisconsin, where we had a very big night a few years ago, you remember that very big night? [cheering] since then, we have produced everything we said and more and more. Before it was talked, I said I will do this, we will take care of your trade, and what we have done with China , on wednesday, we sign, tomorrow , what we have done with the usmca, what we have done with japan, a $40 billion trade deal and a lot of it to do with farmers.

South Korea. You've got to love trump, you've got to love trump. [cheers and applause] and your great we may packers , green bay packers are playing san francisco this weekend.

So do we have any packer fans here tonight? [raucous cheering] that's right. You have a great quarterback that is a good guy.

As we begin the year, the economy is booming, poverty is plummeting, crime is falling, and America is the envy of the entire world. [cheers and applause] the greatest economy in our history, our military has been totally rebuilt, let's impeach him. But we have created 7 million jobs since the election, including more than one million manufacturing and construction jobs.

Nobody thought that was possible. And we will soon be replacing the nafta catastrophe, one of the worst trade deals in the history of the world, frankly, with the incredible usmca, canada, mexico. A giant victory for wisconsin workers, farmers, and dairy producers.

A tremendous victory. And we make it that all taking care of this week or next week, it just needs one more vote and we will get that out of the Republican Senate. The Republican Senate will be great.

Tomorrow we will also be signing our phase one trade deal with China, massively boosting exports of products made and produced right here in the great state of wisconsin. [cheers and applause] so after years of devastating defense cuts, we have fully rebuilt the United States military to appoint that it has never been before, and it is far more advanced, more lethal, and more powerful than ever. [cheers and applause] and last year, our great American warriors , because that is what they are, and they love it, they love it, they love doing that, they would not trade places with me under any circumstances. [laughter] they would not trade places with all of our great wisconsin politicians, they want to be a military warrior. And we don't want them for that, we want them doing what they are doing, but our great warriors carried out a daring nighttime raid and terminated the founder and leader of ISIS, the animal known as al-baghdadi is dead, and the wicked caliphate is 100% destroyed. [cheers and applause] and I will tell you , when we took over a little less than three years ago, ISIS was all over the place.

Now the caliphate is 100% destroyed , you remember when I wanted to leave and it was at 90%? I said some of , let some of the other countries finish them off. They said no, sir, let us finish them off, so we finish them off 100%. [cheers and applause] a few days ago we took bold and decisive action to defend American lives and deliver American justice. At my direction, the United States military launched a flawless precision strike that killed the world's number one terrorist, number one terrorist. [cheers and applause] you know who that is , qasem soleimani.

The number one terrorist. Soleimani was responsible for wounding thousands of americans and was actively planning new attacks, but we stopped him cold. [cheers and applause] frankly, they already started the attack, as you saw, in baghdad, on our very large embassy in baghdad. That was already started.

I said to our generals, get there now, we don't want to have another benghazi on my watch or on any watch. They said sir, we will be there tomorrow, I said you have to be there right now, get them over there now. Now. [cheers and applause] thousands of soldiers, they were soldiers, if you look at that crowd, that was not protesters, that was soldiers. They were surrounding ra missy in baghdad, and all of a sudden they see these , surrounding our embassy in baghdad, and all of a sudden they see these beautiful new apache helicopters overhead. [cheers and applause] into than they see our great military.

You saw them in the plane, right? Some of them were getting out of their pajamas , I said don't worry about it, we won't put that on. But they were sitting there and they were calling the roll call in the plane and it was a beautiful sight. These guys were better than tom cruise. [shouting] [booing] we have thousands of people outside wanting to get in and they can't because you people got here first. So here is your headline, tomorrow, "protesters disturbed the rally." one protester, a very weak voice.

[laughter] you know, if you people wouldn't go crazy every time you see something, you would go right through and nobody know , would know she was there. She has gone home to mom, where she will be in big trouble. [cheers and applause] she will be voting for trump too.

I am only kidding. We drive them crazy. They say you know he is not leaving, don't you? They say he is going to win and never going to leave. It is called trump derangement syndrome, it really is.

You know what they don't know is that if for any reason after five years we do leave, which we will, because I believe in that stuff, right? You know what will happen to their industry? They will all die and fold up and it will be very boring out there, very boring. That's why I say at some point, every single one of them will be endorsing donald trump. [cheers and applause] they put this big American flag on the street, and the iranians, thousands and thousands of iranians, were supposed to trample it and beat the hell out of it and every one of them went around that flag. They like trump, they like you.

I am just representative. They like us. They have not seen anything like that in a long time. Did you see it? They went around the flag, they did not want to touch it, they love America, they love our country. That is called progress.

[cheering] but the Democrat are doing everything possible to disparage what we did with the hit on this monster. You know, many of the young men and women you see walking around without arms or legs were downed by soleimani. That's what he loved, the roadside bomb, that's what he loved. Thousands and thousands and thousands in iraq and afghanistan, roadside bombs, he was the king of the roadside bomb.

Great percentages of people don't have legs right now and arms because of this son of a bitch, ok? [cheering] and the Democrat should be outraged by soleimani's evil crimes, not the decision to end his wretched life. They are saying he was a general, he was this, he was that , number one, he wasn't supposed to be there, he was a designated terrorist by President Obama, who did not do anything about it, as usual. As usual.

[booing] here is the story with the Democrat. If I didn't kill him and let say we lost 3, 4, 5 embassies or bases for thousands of people or hundreds of people or two people were killed, they would have said trump should have taken him out. Anything we do, they go the opposite, so we kill him, and that was precision.

Some people thought it went much too fast. Too fast. So we kill him and they say what a horrible , if we did not kill him, they would say what a horrible thing.

We are building the wall, you know that? [cheering] because you know, mexico is paying for the well, you know that, you will see that, it will work out. It is driving them crazy.

Now they say he is building the wall, but mexico did not , mexico will pay. You will see that, it will come out. We will do it sometime during the debate, the real debate, that people will watch. Because nobody is watching. [cheering] you know, they haven't been doing great on the debates, I have to tell you. But we are building this wall, we are over 100 miles right now.

We are going to be expanding the life, you have 1978 miles, you need 500 miles, but 700 would be good, 750 or so would be great. We have all of the financing. You think it is easy getting financing , I could not get anything from them, I could get anything I wanted in terms of money except a wall and I made one big mistake. I should have said to them, we will not build the wall, we don't want the wall, they would have insisted we build it and we would've had all the money we wanted.

I made a mistake. [cheering and applause] I made a big mistake. Now we are building the wall, it is going up, it is going up rapidly, and very soon we will be building about one mile a day, and would shoot , and we should be over 400 miles by the end of next year and shortly thereafter it will be finished. It is already having a tremendous impact on people not being able to come into the country. Bernie and the radical left cannot protect your family and they cannot protect our country, nor do they want to, I think.

According to elizabeth pocahontas warren , [booing] remember? We hit her hard, but I hit her to early, but she is not going anywhere. But bernie said , according to her, bernie said , and I don't believe this, I don't know him, I don't particularly like him, he is a nasty guy, but I don't believe he said this, it's not his deal viewed you have to know what people say. She said that bernie stated strongly that a woman cannot win for president. Fortunately , [laughter] that could happen, who knows? But she said that bernie said a woman could not win and I don't believe bernie said that , not the kind of thing he would say.

If you want to keep America safe, just vote Republican, we are doing so well. [cheering and applause] the truth is we have a great time, but you know what, more portly, we get things done, we are getting everything done. But even President Obama's own former national security advisor, a highly respected General Named jim jones, praise our action to take out soleimani, and said it was absolutely correct and the absolute right thing to do. I am sure they like him very much. [cheering and applause] he sounds like our kind of a guy. If they give you a hard time, come over to the Republican party.

He is a respected guy, he said they did the right thing. He said, was the attack imminent? Does the fact that he has killed hundreds of thousands of people and thousands of americans and horribly killed and wounded thousands and thousands , that doesn't matter.

Was the attack imminent? I think they are going to start a new investigation, was the attack , by the way, he was in a country he was not allowed to be in, we don't mention that, because he was designated he was not allowed to be there. And he was there with the head of hezbollah, and they were talking about, like hillary clinton, they were talking about weddings and working out. [laughter] so lamanna , soleimani into the head of has the law , hezbollah, talking about weddings and, like the attorney General In the back of the airplane. [booing] they may have said you could stay attorney general, or help, but , remember, they talked about golf and grandchildren, right? 45 minutes.

You know, I like golf and I love my grandchildren, I don't think I could talk to somebody about them for 45 minutes that I don't even know. I have a beautiful grandchild, he is really beautiful, he is so great. Ok, what else am I going to say? Let's talk one or two, how is tiger doing, this one, that one. That's another five minutes. What am I going to do with the other 45 , 35 minutes?

Maybe I talk about supreme court appointments, etc. We are doing very well. At this moment, the good people of Iran are taking to the streets in numbers like nobody has seen before and they are really protesting the repressive regime and the a better future. You know, they are great people, the great people of Iran, they are great people, they get it. [cheering and applause] and they are tired of watching their leaders plunder Iran to stoke violence and death and war. Iran has had these problems for 40 years.

Reagan had it, Iran-contra, carter had a, 42 , 52 hostages. That destroyed , he was destroyed before that, but it did not help, it probably got reagan elected. Carter had it, 52 hostages. Reagan had Iran-contra. Obama had, he was begging them for everything, but obama gave $1.8 million in cash. [booing] he got zero out of it, he got zero.

I would love to have that money back, it is a lot of money. The ayatollah and the government of Iran, I warned that they must not harm, hurt or kill any protesters. The whole world is watching, it is watching.

[cheering] they have killed thousands of protesters. We support the iranian people and their courageous struggle for freedom, it is incredible what is going on over there, it really is. But we are watching, we are watching very closely. And we were ready.

That night, when the attack was made on us, the attack was made on us , remember this, they killed an American and they killed other people just before that. So we did what we did, right? They said it is our turn now. I said you better be careful when you say it is our turn, because we had designated targets , it would have taken them 30 years to rebuild if that was even possible. [cheering and applause] [whistling] we saw those missiles launched and they were big and fast, and they were accurate.

Four of them went bad, they fell way short, but 12 of them hit, and I said man, they are quick, they knew immediately what they were, and they saw those missiles hit. Bad, they fell way short, but 12 ofi said, how bad is it? They hit a base, and an hour later or so, we get a call back and I said, how many killed? Nobody, sir. [cheering and applause] and I said, they just saved themselves $1 trillion and a lot of lives. It is true.

$1 trillion, not $1 billion, a trillion. We are not looking for regime change, they tried that with libya. Hillary clinton, list get rid of libya, let's get rid of qaddafi. How is that working out? Right? Let's get rid of qaddafi, there was a hillary deal.

Then you had been gauzy. , benghazi. They did not respond. [shouting] then they went into iraq, the geniuses go into iraq, iraq did not knock down the world trade center in case anybody had any question. This guy did kill , he was not athis guy did kill , he was not a sweetheart, he was a bad guy in every way, but he did kill terrorists, right?

And it became harvard university for terrorists. But they did go after him that he did not knock down the world trade center. So we've got a lot of bad thinking. We are doing a good job, we are getting out, and you don't , we did something in Syria, we were guarding the syrian border between turkey and Syria, it has been there for a thousand years, they have been fighting for many years under different names. I said I am getting our soldiers out of there, I did, I took them out, and you know what I did with the soldiers?

They don't tell you the true story because they are a bunch of corrupt people back there. [cheering] [booing] I told turkey, you got to defend your own border, we will not defend your border. We get along with turkey, but they have been there for , by the way, I call it a safe zone. That is the most dangerous saison in the world.

[laughter] , most dangerous safe zone in the world. [laughter] there are about three of you who want to be there, you are very tough people. Someday it might be a saison but I took our soldiers out, because we had a vast number of people here and they were going to fight. I said if they are going to fight like they have for hundreds and hundreds of years, centuries, let them fight, but we are getting the hell out of there, ok? [cheering and applause] but the fake news doesn't tell you the right story.

But the fake news doesn't tell you the right story. Because what I did is I took our soldiers, and you know what I did, I moved them to the oil area and we now control the oil. So they said trump state in Syria. People said to me, why are you staying in Syria?

Because we kept the oil. Which frankly we should have done in iraq, ok? A long time ago. You have no idea the things and the decisions I have seen.

They say trump is in Syria, he did not pull out , I did pull out. We have the oil really secure and we will see what happens with it, we can help our friends the kurds, because that's where they got their wealth, and ultimately it was with ISIS, but right now it is with the United States military. [cheering and applause] and we also got rid of remnants of ISIS. While we are creating jobs and killing terrorists, Democrat in Congress are wasting America's time with demented hoaxes and crazy witchhunts that have been going on, by the way, from the day I came down the escalator with our future first lady.

[cheering and applause] somebody said to me recently, president, president, it was a friend of mine who used to call me donald , donald, let's have dinner , no he calls me president. I told you this before. They always call me president. President, president, tell me what is happening, what is going on, how is it all going?

You are doing such a great job. I said to me a favor, call me donald. I can't. You know what that means, respect for the office of president.

You know what, we are going to keep it that way. [cheering and applause] we are going to keep it that way. But that's why this november, we are going back and we are going to win the House, Republican are going to win the House. [cheering and applause] because I don't know if you know it, the impeachment hoax , it is a total hoax , just think of this, this is based on a perfect phone call. Did anybody read the transcripts?

It is a perfect call. In fact, if you go back and look at lyndon johnson, all of them , you know, lyndon johnson was a tough guy, can you imagine his phone calls? He is probably looking down or looking up , [laughter] and he is is probably saying these people are crazy, that's the nicest call , some people have said I did not know you could be so nice on a telephone call. It is based on a simple telephone call that was totally appropriate with the President Of ukraine. They said there was no pressure on us, they did not know what they were talking about.

The foreign minister says, they want to impeach. Impeach the President Of the United States over a perfect phone call. It is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on our country, ever. But we are going to go back, and because of it, it was constant , I don't know if you have seen , independent voters and I think voters including Democrat moving over, we just got 190 5-0, the Republican in the House.

Nancy pelosi says it must be nonpartisan. And she said it has to be clear-cut. Number one, never happened, no problem.

Number two, look at the vote. Three Democrat voted with us. So I guess you could say it was a nonpartisan vote because they voted with us. But we are going back and we are going to hold the Senate and we are going to keep the white House, and we are going to win back the House, we are going to win back the House.

[cheering and applause] a friend of mine, a world champion , he climbs, would you believe it? Is sean here? Get up here, I love champions.

He would climb that sucker, the best of the world, right here from wisconsin, right? Congressman sean duffy. [cheering and applause] you miss him. You know he signed with cnn, they paid him a lot of money and they don't put him on. Why?

Because he is pro-trump. What they have done is paid him money to silence him because he has a very important voice. [booing] I think he is ok with it, he gets his check, they refused to put him on any says good things about trump, we don't want you on. That is cnn right there, turn the camera off.

[booing] thank you. This is a great group of Republican people, but more important, it is a great group of winners. They have been great, they have worked so hard, and I want to thank you all for being here tonight.

[cheering and applause] we ran a tough campaign in wisconsin and I was tired. I had to take sundays off. You know who did not take any days off? President trump. I have never seen a man work harder, being so dedicated, so in love with America, that is why we all need to make sure he wins a second term.

[cheering and applause] I am 64 years old and I have never in my lifetime seen a man get elected President Of United States where there wasn't some measure of well wishes, some honeymoon period where America gathered around that individual and said mr. President, it is a big job and we wish you well, keep us safe, make this country prosperous. That hasn't happened.

That's because the Democrat simply won't admit he beat them. [cheering and applause] he has been tormented since the day after the election, but he has held strong, it hasn't bothered him, he has just pressed forward, he has made this country great, our economy is in great shape. He deserves to get reelected. [cheering and applause] like all of you, like all of you, he loves this country and will do everything to defend it.

We love President Trump, God bless you, President Trump. [cheering and applause] thank you, ron. A great guy. Thanks to strong Republican leadership like ron, like all the you just shock, America is winning again, America is respected again and America is thriving again like never before. We are doing great.

We are the envy of the world. And under my administration, we now have the lowest average unemployment rate of any administration in the history of our country. [cheering and applause] and in your great state, wisconsin , you ever notice with biden, he is always calling the wrong state? In your great state of iowa? It is wisconsin. I meant wisconsin, I did not know I was in wisconsin.

How many times has he done that? Lots of times. Great to be in the state of ohio. No sir, you are in florida.

[laughter] many times. The sad part about , sleepy joe is right. When you do that, you can't really recover.

You could be winston churchill and make the finest remainder of remarks, but you can't killed, and he does it every time. The fake news gives him a total pass and that is ok, it is all right. [booing] it is going to happen to all of us someday. Does anybody get that yet? In wisconsin, the unemployment rate has reached its lowest level in history. [cheering and applause] how is that for a soundbite?

How do you beat that soundbite, right? So now the people of wisconsin , the state set a record, most successful in his ever been, and by the way that's because we got a lot of help from a guy called scott walker. [cheering and applause] ron johnson, all those guys. It just didn't happen so quickly. How do you beat that? You have the lowest unemployment rate you have ever had and then somebody says we will do a better job.

Really? The lowest in history by far, number one economic numbers by far, let's put some of the elves and as president. I don't think so, right?

Here's the one I love the most. African, hispanic americans, asian American unemployment rates have reached the lowest levels ever recorded in the history of our country. [cheering and applause] and here's another one. African-American youth, you know it was so high, it was so horrible. Youth unemployment has reached an all-time low in recorded history. [cheering and applause] the only question, are you at 70, 80, 90%, higher?

What is yours? 100%, not bad. I know who he is voting for. But think of this, this is what it is all about.

These companies, these big public companies are owned by the people, by everybody. They are owned by rich people, and everybody. We have set 141 records on the stock market, highest levels ever in recorded history. 141 records. That means in less than three years, for 141 days, we set a record. 141 records.

Who the hell could do that? [cheering and applause] and if our opponents had won the election , we are close to 30,000 on the dow, nobody thought this was possible including the figures back there , the fakers back there. I really believe because regulation so important, tax cuts so important, I really believe that instead of being up massively, whatever the number is, but depending on who you are changes, it's way over 60, 70, 80, you guys know. You would have been down 50, 60, 70. You would have been down at a level , you would probably be extremely depressed right now.

You would not have bought all of those brand-new "keep America great" hats. Don't worry, we are never getting rid of maga. We don't have the courage to get rid of maga, the greatest campaign in history. But you would not have bought those hats because you would not have the money, but now you can buy them. Let's do it real fast , the pole, make America great again or keep America great? We are going to do it quick.

Ready? Who likes make America great again? [cheering and applause] all right.

So it surprises me every, single time, but make America great again, maga, has never won one of these polls. Because we have cut taxes and regulations, stock market. We have done so much. These Democrat, they spend $1 million on a poll. They will interview 203 people 203 people will get it wrong.

Because I am always surprised , make America great again I think is the greatest phrase ever used in politics, right? [cheering and applause] so to switch it might be crazy, so we will use them both, what do you say? But under the trump economy, the lowest earners are reaping the biggest gains, you know that right?

This is a blue-collar boom. They don't like telling you that. Under my administration, the growth and net worth for the bottom half of wage earners has increased 15 times more than under the three previous administrations. That is pretty amazing. Because they keep saying the rich are getting richer.

The poor are doing the best I have ever done. Earnings for the bottom 10% are rising faster than earnings for the top 10% proportionately. Under eight years of the barack hussein obama administration , [booing] which administration loved spying on people's campaign. By the way, by the way, could you imagine if it was the other way around and I spied on his campaign? What with these fake news people be doing?

More than 300,000 people under obama, 300,000 people left the workforce. Under just three years of my administration, 3.5 million people have joined the workforce and nobody believes that, wisconsin. [cheering and applause] 370 companies have signed our pledge to America's workers, providing more than 14 million americans with new training and job opportunities. We are training them. We are getting them , walmart, so many great companies, they are training people, because they can train them better than government. 14 million , you know who worked hard on that?

Everybody has heard of ivanka, right? She has such a passion for it. She is very smart. She said I want to get people working and help families.

Look, she is smart, do whatever you want to do, it is ok. She had half a million people she was going to get trained in companies, so she called walmart, exxon, these great companies. All of a sudden she hit a million, then she hit 9 million , don't forget, she wanted to do 500,000. 10 million.

She just hit 14 million people being trained. [cheering and applause] 14 million. Ivanka. 14 million, you believe that is possible?

That's why we have the best unemployment rates and the best employment rates. Very close to 160 million people are working in the United States. Nobody has ever come close to that number. [cheering and applause] we have listed 10 million people off of federal welfare programs.

Real median income is now at the highest level ever recorded in the history of our country, think of that. [cheering and applause] real median income. After three years , he really had eight years, but we had less than three.

Under eight years of the bush administration, household incomes grew $400, eight years. Under eight years of President Obama, household incomes grew 975 dollars. Eight years.

Under three years of the trump administration, household income has risen $10,000. [cheering and applause] that is why we are doing well, the consumer. $3100 for regulatory cuts, $2000 for the tax cuts , it is axley higher than that. 2005 hundred dollars for energy savings, and $5,000 in real wage gains. $10,000. The child tax credit alone, which every Democrat in Congress opposed, is delivering $2200 a year to the average American family.

Who is in favor of that cut? Who was in favor of having that? People don't know, they think the Democrat gave it , the Democrat give nothing, they are too busy doing other things. They don't do anything.

They are too busy doing other things. We ended the war on American energy. The United States is now the number one producer of oil and natural gas anywhere on earth. [cheering and applause] number one in the world by far. Saudi arabia, Russia, but we are number one by far.

If I get some additional pipelines approved, which I will very quickly, instead of waiting 20 years to get them approved, it will increase us by another 22%, but we will get them done quickly. And they will be environmentally friendly and all of that, I believe in that. We have eliminated a record number of job destroying regulations.

I brought back the old lightbulb. Better light for much less money if you want it. [cheering and applause] it is hard to make an elegant speech , I brought back the lightbulb. The new lightbulb costs you five times as much and makes you look orange. I was more interested in the orange that I was the cost.

But you know what, if you want, you have if you'd the newbold, , the new bulb is hazardous waste, you have to take it to a certain dump and gingerly put it in because it is loaded with gases. I said to summary today in environmental protection, how may people do that in the country? They throw it into the garbage can.

I am also approving new dishwashers that give you more water, so you can actually wash and rinse your dishes without having to do it 10 times. [applause] does anybody have a new dishwasher? I'm cipher that. They are useless.

So little water. You end up using it 10 times. Then you take them out and do it the old-fashioned way. You are spending 10 times the electricity, so I am putting the water back. A lot of people do not realize that.

Dishwashers now, you are going to have as much as you ever had. Your dishes will be beautiful. I'm sorry that you just bought one of those brand-new pieces of garbage. [cheers and applause] weight. , wait.

It was just announced from South Korea , they just announced they are building major refrigerator and washing machine plans , plants in the u.s. You know why? They do not want to pay the tariffs. [cheers and applause] [chanting usa] it is so inelegant to talk about it.

I am talking about dishwashers. I am talking about refrigerators , bubbly , refrigerators. You cannot make a brilliant speech, where they say that was an elegant speech when I am talking about dishwashers, toilets, light bulbs. Toilets and showers. You do not get any water. They put restrictions on them and now they are permanent.

Try doing and buying a new faucet. Turn it on and no water comes out. We will not talk about toilets, but you know that story. We do not talk about that. The only subject the ever talk about is toilets, so I never mention it.

How about the shower? I have this beautiful head of hair. I need a lot of water. [cheers and applause] you go into the shower and you turn on the water. Drip.

Drip. I call the guy, is there something wrong with this? No, sir, it is just the restrictor. It is an unpleasant experience. We are getting rid of the restrictors.

If you ever go to the faucet when you wash your hands, it turns on so easily. Zero pressure behind it. It flips on.

These people are crazy. In california, this governor, who has no clue. Governor gavin newsom sends all the water out to the pacific. I do not know if you saw this. He came up with rules and regulations starting soon. If you are a person living in california, you only get 50 gallons of water.

Then it goes down to 47, 46, 45. You pay the highest taxes outside of new york, where they are not doing good. Everyone is leaving new york for other environments like florida because the taxes are too high. We have to get them down. Other things need to happen, so gavin newsom, you have the water pouring down from up north. Millions and millions of gallons.

They diverted it to the pacific ocean. We must be in wisconsin. Millions of gallons coming down. This is a serious valve and they turn it because they have a tiny little fish that is doing very poorly with or without the water , so in the meantime, if you own a home in beverly hills, they scream at you, if you water your grass a little bit.

They divert millions and millions of gallons. We have made it possible on a federal basis that they do not have to divert that water anymore. These are the things that we do.

The last one, we are working on cars and making them less expensive and safer. We are giving them a little bit more fuel and you can save $3500. You can have a heavy car. We are getting a lot of good feedback. The number is 12.

They will all be trading in their cars to get the new cars, which they do not do right now. Ultimately, we will win that one. Not a bad combination. To lift up forgotten communities. Jobs and investment are pouring into 120 newly designated opportunities right here in wisconsin. Tim scott of south carolina helped.

They are doing great. For decades, politicians were promising to defend wisconsin workers, but then they went to washington and lined their pockets with special interest cash, as they shipped your jobs and dreams to countries thousands of miles away, countries that you never even heard of. They lowered our economic defenses and allowed other nations to steal your farms.

No estate tax on those beautiful farms. So now, if you love your children and you have a small business or a farm, you have no safety net. If you do not love your children , anybody in here who does not love their children?

They are brats. Horrible human beings. The fact is that no estate tax, it is a tremendous thing because you were leaving the business to your kids. Thank you very much and then they mortgaged the hell out of the place and ended up losing it to the bank, but we got rid of the estate tax on farms and small businesses. Stuff that we never said we were going to do, but these people were ransacking your communities. We are defenseless no more.

At long last, you have a President Who puts America first. It has been a long time. [cheers and applause] it has been a long time. We are putting America first.

Washington Democrat betrayed the American people. Are you having a good time, sir? They are traders, if you think about it , traitors if you think about it. Demonstrating their contempt, scorn and stain for everyday americans, these jurisdictions released dangerous, violent criminal aliens out of their jails and directly onto your streets, where they are free to rob, attack and murder American citizens. Last year, ice , I love them. I think they are so great.

They moved thousands of ms 13 out of our country. I officers arrested nearly 7000 illegal aliens with criminal records. 7000 illegal aliens having criminal records, including those charged and convicted of murder, burglary, robbery, drug crimes, killings in the most violent way. Right here in wisconsin, city is run by far-left politicians are releasing them or rush dangerous criminal aliens who threaten innocent children.

[booing] last year, the sanctuary county of milwaukee released an illegal alien criminal with multiple charges for sexual assault of a child. Think about that, of children. He is now at large and they are searching all over. He is looking for another victim.

He is allowed to go from your sanctuary city. In the city of madison, police arrested an illegal alien for assault and after authorities released him, he committed violent battery, only to be released one more time. They are now looking for him. Isn't that nice? The same illegal alien was arrested for a third time in september and charged with multiple sexual assaults, including sexual assault of a child. Now that criminal is once again in wisconsin jail, and I call on your wet , left-wing officials to stop the madness and work with ice to make sure he is deported the hell back home.

Get him out of our country. [cheers and applause] Democrat stand for crime, corruption. Republican stand for law, order and justice.

It is true. We believe wisconsin should be a sanctuary for law-abiding americans, not for criminal alien. We are removing these illegal criminals and gang members by the tens of thousands, and we will not let them back.

We made a deal with guatemala, el salvador, mexico, where they accept them back. Under the obama administration, they bring them back. We are not taking the back. But with us, they take them back. [cheers and applause] it helps a lot when we were paying them hundreds of millions of dollars a year.

I said, we are not paying them anymore. We would love to have our gang members back. Thanks to our tireless efforts to secure the border, we have reduced illegal border crossings seven straight months and a rope, and we are being helped by our 200 miles plus of wall.

Illegal crossings are down 78% since may, and we have ended catch and release. Our very big and powerful border wall is going up at record speed . We are fully financed now, isn't that nice? That was not easy.

We are adding new miles every week. We are on track to soon build that wall. You will have a wall like no other. It will be a powerful, terrific wall.

Remember the Democrat? You do not need walls. They wanted us to implement drones, taking pictures of everybody. Illegal aliens with drugs on their back were climbing the wall. That panel on top is called a climb resistor. It is very slippery and high.

They got stuck on the wall. They could not get off. Did you see that? I was watching the news.

I said, isn't that a beautiful sight? They could not get over the wall. [cheers and applause] they had to get the fire department to get them down. 30 feet up.

That is almost a four-story building. Washington Democrat have never been more extreme than they are now. They are going crazy, totally loony. Her district is so filthy dirty. With all of the things , the needles and everything else. These are areas that were the best in the country and now they are disgusting.

She should spend more time in san francisco, taking care of her community, instead of wasting everybody's time. [cheers and applause] taking their cues from socialist bernie sanders, all of these people. Liberal lawmakers are pushing a government takeover of health care that would strip 180 million americans of their private health insurance. Many of you have great insurance. Republican will never let that happen.

I do not like talking about it now. I would rather wait 6, 7, 8 months and then talk. I should not even be here tonight, but I love the people of wisconsin. [cheers and applause] they want to take away your health care. We will protect patients with pre-existing conditions like nobody else, and we will protect your pre-existing physicians, which you had to get rid of and which you will have to get rid of when this plan does not happen.

It is not going to happen. I would not worry about it. There is one that costs a fortune. Virtually, every top Democrat also supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb. That is why I have asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion because Republican believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. [cheers and applause] Democrat are now the party of high taxes.

They want to raise your taxes. How does that work? I am old-fashioned. I have only been doing this for three years. I said, I have done one.

We are all smart people. How is it good when they say, we are going to raise your taxes russian mark they say, we are going to raise your taxes and open borders. We will pay for everybody's health insurance and schooling. I once said we are going to get everybody a rolls-royce. I said every illegal alien will have a rolls-royce and they said, he lied tonight.

These people are sick. But they are the party of late-term abortion, socialism and corruption. The Republican party is the party of the American family, American dream and honest abe lincoln. Republican are fighting for citizens from every background and every race, religion, color and decree. This is a movement like nobody else has seen before.

Anything that I say that is both , slightly false, it is in the headlines. This is one of the , I would say this. This is the greatest movement in the history of our nation. Right? There have been some great movements, where somebody came along out of nowhere, won south carolina, won some states, but we won 32 states.

There has never been a movement like this. We are a movement for all americans who believe in fairness, justice, equality, opportunity and safety. We are a big tent and we are a party of big ideas for the future. That is why african-americans are joining the Republican party like nobody ever thought even possible. They love us and we love them. [cheers and applause] to give former prisoners a chance at life, we passed , it was us, not the Democrat.

I got it done. I called Republican that maybe would not have been so inclined. Some of them very conservative were very much inclined, but I thought the people that we needed. Nobody could do it, but I got it approved. From the day it was approved, I got no thanks or credit.

But we passed bipartisan criminal justice reform, and that has helped 70 people. You know the story of alice johnson and so many different stories. This has helped so many people, especially in this hispanic community. To uphold the rule of law, we have confirmed 187 federal judges, a record, who will interpret the constitution. [cheers and applause] last spring, wisconsin voters elected a great judge to year supreme court. This way, you have a chance to elect another terrific judge, danielle kelley , justice danielle kelley.

, daniel kelly. We are aggressively combating the opioid epidemic, and we have done great work. We have done numbers that nobody thought was possible. In 20, drug overdose deaths sell for the first time in decades, including by 10% in the state of wisconsin, 17, 18, 19, even 21% in a couple of states. [cheers and applause] China is now putting a big stop, a big lid on sentinel , fentanyl.

People are dying, you have to do it. We are fighting hard for school choice. It is moving along well.

The first school choice program 30 years ago to free children from failing government schools. Now my administration is working to give school choice to every child in America who needs it. As we continue rebuilding our military, workers are building brand-new humvee replacement.

In oshkosh, a magnificent, new , a lot of ships. A lot of humvees. Israel's true capital and be open the American embassy in Jerusalem. [cheers and applause] we recognized israeli 70 over the golan heights. Something that they have been trying to get for 52 years. For years, he watched as politicians apologized for America.

Now you have a President Standing up for America. We are standing up for you, the people of this constant. The survival of the nation. What these people are doing, they will destroy our nation. Our last election was so important.

Maybe the most important ever. It was so important. I believe this election will be just as important.

We need time for that tree to grow. You plant a tree and it takes time. We have other things that we want to do. If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of americans have fought and died for to secure, we must devote everything that we have towards victory in 2020.

Only this way can we save the America that we love and drain the washington swamp once and for all. I have become the expert on the swamp. I used to say drain the swamp and I never thought it would need that bad, but we are here and we are winning. Dishonest, bad people.

With your help, we will lift millions more of our citizens out of poverty and into prosperity. We will elect a Republican Congress to sustain a system of , a system. We are already doing a lot of it. Like visa lottery. We put names in a lottery and they become American citizens. Do you think they are giving us their finest?

These people are crazy to allow this to happen. Catch and release was a very big thing and we did that with no Democrat help. Who wouldn't want to end loopholes? Deals that result in more products with that beautiful phrase, made in the usa.

We will achieve new breakthroughs in medicine, finding cures for childhood cancer and ending the aids epidemic in America. We will defend privacy, free speech, religious liberty and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheers and applause] and above all, we will never stop fighting for the sacred values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect and defend the constitution of the United States of America. We stand with incredible heroes of law enforcement. We believe in the victory of work and the sanctity of life.

We believe that fate and family, not government and bureaucracy are the true American way. We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our his three and to always respect our great American flag. And we live by the words of our national motto, in God we trust. They will always be there.

We will never let them remove it. Those words will always be there. From milwaukee to munro. From west end to west dallas, we stand on the shoulders of the most courageous men and women to ever walk on the face of the earth. Our American ancestors crossed the ocean, settled the continent , tamed the wilderness, pioneered science, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, landed men on the face of the moon and made America the greatest nation in the history of the world. We are making it greater than ever before.

[cheers and applause] [chanting usa] usa] proud citizens like you helped to build this country and together, we are taking back our country, returning power to you, the American people. With your help, devotion and drive, we are going to keep on working, keep on fighting and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning. [cheers and applause] we are one movement . We are one people. We are one family and one glorious nation under God. America is thriving like never before.

Ladies and gentlemen of wisconsin, the best is yet to come. Because working together, we will make America wealthy again. We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again.

We will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, wisconsin.