ID: VSDT26102020358
Title: Remarks by President Trump After Air Force One Arrival
Date: 2020-10-26
Type: speech

THE PRESIDENT: So we have a big event. We have three of them today, but this will be a , a group of people that we know very well from this area. It's amazing , amazing attendance and amazing poll numbers. We have poll numbers that I'll be talking about up there that have been very extraordinary. Q Can you win the election without Pennsylvania? THE PRESIDENT: I don't know. I think we're leading in Pennsylvania. I think we'll win Pennsylvania, so I don't think I have to worry about that. I think we're going to win Pennsylvania by more than we did last time. Q Mr. President, (inaudible). THE PRESIDENT: I don't understand you. Q Are you downplaying the coronavirus again? THE PRESIDENT: I'm not. Go ahead. Q Mr. President, Joe Biden says you've waved the white flag on fighting coronavirus and controlling the virus. THE PRESIDENT: No, no, he has. He's waved a white flag on life. He doesn't leave his basement. This guy doesn't leave his basement. He is a , he's a pathetic candidate, I will tell you that. Q Have you given up on controlling the virus? THE PRESIDENT: No, not at all. In fact, the opposite. Absolutely the opposite. We've done an incredible job. Take a look at what's happening in Europe. What's happening to Europe is , nobody has seen anything like it. And you used to tell me all about Europe. No, we're doing a great job. We are absolutely rounding the corner. Other than the fake news wants to scare everybody, we are absolutely rounding the corner. Go ahead. Q Are you planning an event for Amy Coney Barrett this evening? THE PRESIDENT: Yeah. We're going to see probably at the White House later on this evening, see how it all works out. The vote is taking place, and we'll see how that works out. Q Will it be a large event? And are you concerned about , THE PRESIDENT: No, not a large event. Just a very nice event. Q Is a ceasefire holding between Armenia and Azerbaijan? THE PRESIDENT: Say it? Q The ceasefire between Azerbaijan and Armenia, is that holding or what's that holding? THE PRESIDENT: It's holding. The ceasefire is holding. Okay? We'll see you over at the event. Q Mr. President, were you offered a vaccine at all or any on your staff offered the vaccine? THE PRESIDENT: Was I offered? Q Yes. THE PRESIDENT: No. But we'll have the vaccines very soon. The vaccines are in full development, and we're going to have them very soon. Q Will anyone on your staff take it? THE PRESIDENT: You don't have them yet. They haven't been approved yet. Q Special , special dispensation. THE PRESIDENT: They're going to be , they're going to be approved very soon. Thank you. The vaccines. END